Rami Shoula
School Counselor


Dedicated school counselor with a proven record of nurturing and guiding students on their paths to success. Committed to performing all duties to foster the whole child as outlined by the American School Counselor Association. Adept in delivering school counseling programs that support student achievement, attendance and discipline.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Hindi

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of ASCA Model
  ★★★★★ Data-informed Decision Making
  ★★★★★ Empathy and Compassion
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Child Development
  ★★★★★ Coaching and Mentoring
  ★★★★★ Active Listening

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2018 – Present
    School Counselor at The Buckley School, New York
      
  Created a school culture of positivity by implementing an effective school counseling program centered around bullying.
  Supported the social and emotional needs of approximately 400 students in grades K through 9.
  Helped students to develop and apply academic achievement strategies. 
  Modeled appropriate ways to manage emotions and apply interpersonal skills. 
  Provided individual student academic planning and goal setting services.
  Collaborated with families, teachers and administrators to foster student success. 
  Performed data analysis to identify student issues, needs and challenges.


  * August 2016 – June 2018
    School Counselor at Regis High School, New York
      
  Provided outstanding leadership for the implementation of a comprehensive school counseling program. 
  Collaborated with parents and faculty in support of student well being and growth. 
  Served as a liaison with outside mental health providers to ensure coordination of support efforts for students. 
  Created special programming to support healthy lifestyles in conjunction with students and administration. 
  Coordinated and developed departmental activities that supported college and career readiness. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – May 2016
    Manhattan College, New York PhD in Counselor Education

    
  magna cum laude

  * September 2008 – May 2012
    Rutgers University, New Brunswick Bachelor of Science in Psychology

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2015 – May 2016
    School Counseling Intern at Rye Country Day School, Rye, NY

    
  Worked to provide optimal support to division counselors, conducted observations and developed behavioral plans with teachers. 


