Rami Shoula
Administrative Coordinator


Detail-oriented administrative coordinator with 5+ years of experience offering high-level support to office staff. Adept in effectively managing multiple projects, schedules and procedures to ensure the smooth running of an office. Committed to using strong organizational skills to continually achieve office performance improvements.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ German
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Ability to Multitask
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Office Technology
  ★★★★★ Agile Project Management
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Skills
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills
  ★★★★★ Administrative Support

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2017 – January 2022
    Administrative Coordinator at The Desmond Group, Jersey City
      
  Worked directly with managers to coordinate scheduling, meeting agendas, operational support and technical training. 
  Provided strong clerical support to the corporate team of 16+ employees.
  Managed domestic and international travel arrangements.
  Prepared and submitted expense reports and meeting logistics.
  Resolved routine administrative problems and answered inquiries concerning the operations of several departments.
  Managed all correspondence and communication to executive offices.
  Applied substantial knowledge in the coordination of sensitive reports.


  * July 2015 – July 2017
    Administrative Coordinator at Rutgers University, New Brunswick
      
  Acted as an effective liaison between the administrative office and other departments. 
  Provided optimal leadership and oversight to the extension field offices. 
  Provided high-level support to the dean and associate deans.
  Conceptualized, developed and implemented internal administrative support processes and procedures.
  Fostered strong communication between administrative staff and faculty and program staff.



EDUCATION
  * September 2011 – May 2015
    Montclair State University, Montclair Bachelor of Arts in Communications

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2013 – December 2013
    Communications Intern at Bright Media, Newark

    
  Handled correspondence with 10+ brand ambassadors in a reputable PR firm.
  Organized events calendar for office and helped with planning annual corporate retreat.
  Updated guest logs and welcomed clients to the office.
  Grew Bright Media's Instagram presence from 500 to 3,000+ followers.


SPECIAL CERTIFICATIONS
  * Leadership and Management Training Certificate, Management Training Institute, New York, 
