Rami Shoula
Technician


Innovative Technician with a proven track record of identifying performance issues and making updates to achieve optimal performance. Adept in collaborating with colleagues to ensure product quality and improvements. Experienced in leading teams to evaluate system functioning and remain forward-thinking in design and progress. Committed to achieving state-of-the-art engineered designs, and the successful completion of projects.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Design Skills
  ★★★★★ Computer Programming
  ★★★★★ Applied Science

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2012 – August 2019
    Technician at Suduko, Brookfield
      Created training manuals on operation and maintenance for equipment. Collaborated with colleagues to achieve continuous improvement of machines and systems. Worked with customers and suppliers to identify and resolve issues relating to the produced plastic goods. Lead team initiatives to improve electronic design goals and functioning. Worked to ensure successful project execution according to established objectives, timelines, and costs. 

  * September 2008 – December 2011
    Technician at Essex Corporation, New York
      Tested construction materials for safety and effectiveness. Performed testing and inspection on materials such as soils, aggregates, concrete, reinforcing steel and asphalt. Observed work in progress to ensure that procedures were properly followed. Maintained daily logs of inspection activities and results. Ensured that installations were carried out according to rules and guidelines. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2004 – May 2008
    Northeastern University, Boston Bachelor of Engineering
  * September 2000 – June 2004
    Norwell High School, Norwell High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Mona Monroe from Suduko
    monroe.mona@sudukoinc.com
    203-243-7878
  * Harrison Divalo from Suduko
    divalo.h@sudukoinc.com
    203-435-2212
  * Trevor Gibson from Essex Corporation
    tgmanager@essexcorp.org
    212-334-7567

