Rami Shoula
Research Engineer


Experienced Research Engineer with an extensive background in engineering principles, project leadership, and the effective application of research in technological companies. Bringing forth extensive experience in performing research on product development processes and offering solutions and alterations to improve safety and effectiveness. Adept in working with engineers and project managers at multiple levels to utilize research data effectively and achieve optimal results.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ German
  ★★★★☆ English
  ★★★★☆ Dutch

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Engineering Principles
  ★★★★★ Strategic and Tactical Planning
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2016 – January 2019
    Research Engineer at AGR, New York
      
  Worked with Project Managers to discuss equipment function, processes, and productivity, while offering solutions to current issues.
  Researched technological improvements currently dominating the field, and tested their outcome for specific products. 
  Wrote daily reports and organized data presentations for accountability and quality assurance.
  Tested the efficacy and safety of products and analyzed the results in relation to procedures. 


  * June 2012 – April 2016
    Research Engineer at United Technologies Research Center, New York
      
  Led the research and development of technologies. 
  Worked in collaboration with other researchers to promote world-class applications and services. 
  Delivered production-level code to support applications. 
  Implemented innovative software solutions. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2007 – May 2012
    NYU, New York Master of Science in Biochemical Engineering
  * September 2003 – May 2007
    NYU, New York Bachelor of Biochemical Engineering

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Gloria Ruden from NYU
    ruden.gloria@nyu.edu
    212-887-2176
  * Marc Bishop from AGR
    bishop@agrtechnologies.com
    914-334-6585
  * Karen Holt from United Technologies Research Center
    khoyt@utrcny.org
    212-765-5499

