Rami Shoula
Content Marketing Associate


Experienced and driven Content Marketing Specialist with over six years of experience creating compelling content across multiple media platforms. A passion for detail oriented and creative writing, and the ability to adapt content messages for multiple audiences across multiple platforms. Accustomed to high level of responsibilities including creating content for a company's websites, infographics, webinars, videos, and articles. Passionate about delivering entertaining and captivating content with an unobstructed path toward achievement.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Innovation
  ★★★★★ Creative Writing
  ★★★★★ Team Player
  ★★★★★ Multitasking

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2013 – September 2019
    Content Marketing Associate at Better Homes and Gardens, New York
      Produced compelling content for a variety of channels including editorial spreads, blog posts, facebook, email, and our website. Analyzed past marketing initiatives and revamped the company's marketing efforts to keep readers and attract new ones. Successfully restructured our online presence, giving it a fresh and new feel. Aimed to provide readers with valuable information and valuable content. Oversaw direct marketing trends that reached 100 million+ consumers. 

  * April 2011 – February 2013
    Web Content Assistant at Better Homes and Gardens, New York
      Assisted Content Marketing Associates with all administrative duties associated with web content. Contributed to brainstorming sessions involving the design, conception, and creation of new digital content. Took to all social media platforms to disperse content and news. Adapted communication style to the project goals and audience. Constantly searched for new opportunities to engage new audiences. Responded to feedback and worked in an entirely collaborative spirit. Assisted with evaluating the impact of social media programs. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2012
    Fordham University, New York Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2004 – May 2004
    Marmount High School, New York High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2009 – April 2010
    Editorial Intern at The Daily News, New York

    Assisted Editors with web content, proofreading, and documentation.

REFERENCES
  * Ivan James from Better Homes and Gardens
    james@bhag.com
    212-777-2681
  * Lenny Masterson from Better Homes and Gardens
    masterson@bhag.com
    212-777-0909
  * Karen Bulous from The Daily News
    kboulos@dailyn.com
    212-934-2323

