Rami Shoula
Musician


Passionate and experienced Musician with several years of experience in orchestra, band, and theater performances. A skilled guitar and bass player, adept at writing and arranging music. Experienced in digital composition and recording processes. Bringing forth a self motivated attitude and a lifelong love and commitment to music. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Music Performance Skills
  ★★★★★ Music Composition Skills 
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Music Technology Skills
  ★★★★★ Adaptability 
  ★★★★★ Live Production Skills
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2012 – September 2019
    Musician at The Shaker's Band, New York
      
  Played as a lead guitarist and songwriter for six years. 
  Practiced guitar daily and trained with finger strengthening exercises.  
  Helped to find, plan, and organize gigs. 
  Communicated with clients regarding their needs for events. 
  Planned and scheduled band meetings and took notes on important matters.
  Worked to nurture a strong morale among band members, and 	utilized excellent collaboration skills.  


  * May 2009 – July 2014
    Production Manager at Lennon's Recording Studio, New York
      Assisted clients with all things production related, and guided them through the recording process. Controlled and monitored sound reinforcement, electronic instruments, and amplifiers.Worked to ensure that studio clients were satisfied with their recording results. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Music in Theory
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    West Hills High School, West Hills High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2008 – April 2009
    Production Intern at Sony Music Entertainment, New York

    Assisted with various aspects of production and utilized digital audio tools on a daily basis. 

REFERENCES
  * Catherine Leopold from Sony Music Entertainment
    cleopold@sonymusicent.com
    212-664-3782
  * Justin Locke from The Shaker's Band
    lockej@theshakersmusic.com
    917-283-2212
  * Eleanor Ringwold from Hunter College
    eringwold@huntercollege.edu
    212-384-3211

