Rami Shoula
Receptionist


Hardworking and dedicated receptionist with over 15 years of experience providing integral office support in high volume client settings. Proficient and effective in creating schedules, making appointments, selling products, and providing clients with optimal customer service. Consistently commended for managing front desk settings with poise and grace — sometimes under pressure — in addition to managing a variety of administrative duties. Eager to join a new team of professionals and assist them in thriving with my characteristic passion and commitment to excellence. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Italian
  ★★★☆☆ French
  ★★★☆☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Helpful, Friendly and Accommodating demeanor
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills
  ★★★★★ Office Technology Skills
  ★★★★★ Payment, Billing and Scheduling Software
  ★★★★★ Bookkeeping Skills
  ★★★★★ Resourceful Problem-Solving Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2014 – August 2019
    Receptionist, Alfred Young Design at , San Francisco
      
  Greeted clients and provided them with information and superior service. 
  Handled calls, collected personal information and managed schedules to ensure all operations ran smoothly and seamlessly.
  Maintained accurate client records and provided lead designers with assistance that surpassed their expectations. 
  Managed the office database, mail, payroll distribution, and the physical setting and logistics of the front office. 


  * June 2003 – October 2014
    Receptionist, Little Star Day Spa at , Los Angeles
      Answered phone calls, greeted clients, and handled all front desk responsibilities. Decorated the front reception area, contributing to the welcoming and peaceful environment of the spa. Handled spa orders, mail, and some accounting responsibilities. Provided clients and prospective clients with information regarding services, spa technology, and products offered. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2003 – May 2005
    Pierce College, Los Angeles Associate of Communications
  * September 1999 – June 2003
    Maria Regina High School, Sherman Oaks High School Diploma

COURSES
  * February 2016 – May 2016
    Effective Business Communication, Pitman Training

REFERENCES
  * Selma Dehar from Little Star Day Spa
    sdehar@littlestarspa.com
    213-448-8543
  * Sarah Jenkins from Little Star Day Spa
    sjenkins@littlestarspa.com
    213-782-2214
  * Peter McDougal from Alfred Young Design
    mcdougal@alfredyoung.org
    213-456-5581

