Rami Shoula
Floral Designer


Passionate and experienced Floral Designer with several years of experience creating magnificent floral arrangements and displays.  Driven with a passion for delivering superior floral design services to clients, and committed to adding sophistication and beauty to their events. Knowledgeable about flower arrangement preparation and care, and adept in creating traditional and modern designs. Bringing forth talent, experience, and the ability to handle all aspects of floral planning and design from conception to completion.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Floral Design Skills
  ★★★★★ Small and Large Scale Floral Arrangements
  ★★★★★ Floral Care and Management
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2016 – May 2020
    Floral Designer at Flowers and Such, New York
      
  Provided consultation with clients to understand their floral needs and desires.
  Educated clients about flower choices, management, and care.
  Created a variety of arrangements including corsages, vases, baskets, and custom containers.
  Communicated effectively with clients, team members, and vendors.
  Managed inventory and processed shipments of flowers, plants, and shop supplies.
  Created traditional, modern, and original arrangements.


  * February 2014 – July 2016
    Assistant Floral Designer at SOHO Flower and Garden , New York
      
  Assisted Designers with all preparation and arrangement execution. 
  Created custom arrangements. 
  Worked to satisfy the diverse needs of customers. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Visual Arts
  * September 2000 – May 2004
    Astoria High School, , New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Rashida Leeds from Flowers and Such
    leeds.rashida@flowersandsuch.com
    212-324-7878
  * Mark Wilmer from New York Event Circle
    wilmer.m@nycircle.com
    917-435-7878
  * Ellen DiVincenzo from New York Event Circle
    ellend@nycircle.com
    212-548-8644

