Rami Shoula
Package Handler


Experienced and reliable Package Handler with a history of preparing packages for deliveries in a safe and efficient manner. Adept at lifting heavy packages, and also using machinery to assist in the loading and unloading of packages. Bringing forth a commitment to excellent customer service, as well as the necessary physical fitness and stamina to successfully work as a Package Handler. An independent worker, who collaborates well when necessary. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★☆ Physical Fitness
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented
  ★★★★★ Excellent Work Ethic

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2015 – August 2019
    Package Handler at Amazon.com, Seattle
      Successfully prepared and sorted all packages for deliveries.Carefully followed a schedule to ensure timely deliveries and pick-ups.Lifted extremely heavy packages using safety guidelines and machinery assistance at times. Reported delays damaged or suspicious packages to my supervisor.Used specific packaging methods to prevent damages during deliveries.Served as a friendly, hardworking, and punctual employee.

  * April 2010 – July 2015
    Package Handler  at Kessler Enterprises, Palo Alto
      Packed and moved high quality valuables and prepared them for delivery.Recorded the weight and dimensions of objects prior to processing. Documented all shipments and deliveries. Padded shipments and ensured the proper support and safety precautions were exercised. Assisted delivery drivers with loading packages onto trucks.


EDUCATION
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    Palo Alto High School, Palo Alto High School Diploma

COURSES
  * September 2015 – December 2015
    Effective Customer Service, Seattle Community College

REFERENCES
  * Dean Simmons from Kessler Enterprises
    dean@kesslerent.org
    817-282-2552
  * Clare Mead from Amazon.com
    meadmanager1@amazon.com
    603-282-2442
  * John Riordan from Amazon.com
    riordan2@amazon.com
    888-182-8165

