Rami Shoula
Brand Manager


Passionate and creative brand manager with 8 years of experience in brand management for consumer-packaged goods. Committed to demonstrating strategic creative thinking and developing and implementing business-building ideas that drive growth year after year. Advanced Digital Marketing (AMA) certified.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ French

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Brand Management
  ★★★★★ Marketing Strategy
  ★★★★★ Effective Competitive Analysis Research
  ★★★★★ Brand Strategy Principles
  ★★★★★ Attention to Detail
  ★★★★★ Leadership and Teamwork
  ★★★★★ Consumer Journey Development

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2014 – January 2022
    Brand Manager at Sally's Baked Goods, Wilmington
      
  Managed the overall communications plan and collaborated with corporate marketing teams to drive core success metrics forward.
  Worked with cross-functional internal teams and external partners to execute key brand initiatives.
  Worked to drive product innovations and better meet consumer demands. 
  Developed and implemented go-to-market product strategies.
  Continuously strived to understand business needs and retailer trends.
  Worked to ensure product innovations for 100+ bakery items that further connected us with our consumers.


  * January 2011 – February 2014
    Brand Marketing Manager at Tyson Foods Inc., Monroe
      
  Conducted market research and gathered customer testimonials to create more meaningful relationships with consumers.
  Represented and supported Tyson Foods Inc. brand values and worked to ensure the delivery of efficient, relevant and effective marketing plans.
  Collaborated across the organization to develop and oversee the execution of master brand communication and marketing strategies to accelerate the company's growth.
  Gathered and analyzed data insights to help shape brand guidelines, branding principles and master brand strategies. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Appalachian State University, Boone, NC Bachelor of Science in Business Administration

CERTIFICATIONS
  * Advanced Digital Marketing Certification, AMA, 2016
