Rami Shoula
Real Estate Coordinator


Dedicated and experienced Real Estate Coordinator with over five years of experience working in fast paced office environments. Highly organized and capable of overseeing multiple projects at once. Adept in most office technology and billing systems. Experienced in managing Real Estate Company databases, handling accounts, and and working closely with landlords, tenants, and clients. Motivated, innovative, and ready to join and support your real estate team. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills 
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Real Estate Software 
  ★★★★★ Office Billing Systems 
  ★★★★★ Strong Organizational Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2013 – August 2019
    Listing Manager at Karen Holt Real Estate, Avon
      Oversaw buyer and seller relationship from initial contact to purchase agreement. Prepared all necessary listing materials for agent and client review. Provided ongoing communication to sellers regarding marketing efforts and results of showings. Collect and input proper information into client database and transaction management systems. 

  * September 2011 – April 2013
    Real Estate Coordinator at Florence Realtors, Stamford
      Oversaw buyer and seller relationship and transactions from purchase agreement to closing. Scheduled inspections, and offered assistance regarding the scheduling of repairs on a property. Worked to maintain excellent communication between clients, agents, title officer, and lender. Submitted all documentation to office broker for file compliance. Handled all aspects of closing, including scheduling, coordinating, and being present. 


EDUCATION
  * January 2013
    Real Estate Business Institute, Chicago Certified Real Estate Brokerage Manager
  * August 2009 – May 2013
    University of Connecticut, Storrs Bachelor of Communications

    Graduated magna cum laude. 

REFERENCES
  * John Maclan from Florence Realtors
    jmac@frealtors.com
    206-786-9921
  * Karen Holt from Karen Holt Real Estate
    kholt@hre.com
    206-744-3218

AWARDS
  * Real Estate Management Excellence Award, Connecticut, December 2013 – December 2013

    Awarded for excellence in the field of Real Estate Management. 
