Rami Shoula
Art Director


Passionate and experienced Art Director with a proven track record of successfully leading art direction for projects, and achieving high levels of client satisfaction. Adept in overseeing all visual aspects of a project and offering design solutions when needed. Bringing forth strong leadership skills, and the creativity necessary to effectively oversee creative development and design processes. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management
  ★★★★★ Advertising Design
  ★★★★★ Interactive Media
  ★★★★★ Design Solutions

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2013 – September 2019
    Art Director  at Eight and Eight, New York
      Supervised creative teams and worked to accomplish 100% client satisfaction.Oversaw all aspects of design and development, and offered design solutions when necessary.Managed multiple accounts at once, and won Leadership Awards two years in a row. Offered design solutions that effectively solved problems and enhanced advertising goals. Worked to motivate and support all creative staff, resulting in excellent workflow and productivity.

  * May 2010 – May 2013
    Junior Art Director at Coca-Cola, New York
      Worked to support the senior creative staff with day-to-day tasks. Assisted the conceptual team to bring concepts to fruition. Utilized crucial design software skills to assist with projects. Engaged professionally with clientele to ensure high satisfaction rates. Assisted with all aspects of the creative process from copywriting to design and execution. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2006 – May 2010
    Boston College, Boston Bachelor of Graphic Design
  * September 2002 – May 2006
    Forest Hills High School, Forest Hills High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * January 2008 – April 2010
    Art Department Intern at Coca-Cola, New York

    Served as an enthusiastic and dynamic intern in a fast-paced Art Department. 

REFERENCES
  * Rick Steiner from Coca-Cola
    rsteiner@cocacolany.org
    212-334-5768
  * Linda Hobbes from Coca-Cola
    lhobbes@cocacolany.org
    212-755-4982
  * Alexa Goldenbach from Eight oh Eight
    goldenbach@eightoh.com
    212-887-4371

