Rami Shoula
Security Officer


Security Officer with 6+ years of experience leading and improving security operations, while effectively overseeing investigations and managing crises. Highly knowledgeable in security legislation and regulation, and committed to protecting the security of people, places, and things. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Polish
  ★★★★☆ Dutch; Flemish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work Under Pressure
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Federal and State Laws
  ★★★★★ Firearms Training
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ First Aid & CPR
  ★★★★★ Security and Fire Inspection Procedures

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2017 – December 2021
    Security Officer at Eisenhowers, New York
      
  Oversaw and patrolled premises during business hours and after to ensure the highest level of security. 
  Worked to preserve order while enforcing regulations and directives. 
  Opened, secured, and closed the rooms or areas according to department schedule and procedures. 
  Implemented emergency response activities as appropriate. 
  Monitored surveillance equipment and inspected buildings and equipment.
  Preserved order while enforcing regulations and directives for personnel, visitors, and the facility. 


  * January 2015 – August 2017
    Security Officer at Bilson Group, New York
      
  Greeted, processed, and provided assistance to employees and visitors in a helpful and courteous manner. 
  Permitted authorized persons to enter the property and stopped any intruders from gaining access. 
  Effectively monitored entrances and exits to provide optimal security for the facility. 
  Performed security patrols of designated areas on foot and in vehicle. 
  Sounded alarms and notified first responders in emergency situations. 
  Investigated and prepared reports on physical security incidents and suspicious activities. 


  * August 2013 – September 2015
    Security Guard at Bellinger Securities, New York
      
  Enforced policies and procedures to ensure optimal operation, security, and safety.
  Provided accurate information and directives to visitors. 
  Maintained a strong working knowledge of all site-specific policies and procedures.
  Implemented emergency response activities as appropriate. 
  Displayed exceptional customer service and communication skills. 
  Handled crisis situations calmly and efficiently. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2013 – May 2015
    St. John's University, New York Associate of Science in Criminal Justice

CERTIFICATIONS
  * New York State Security Guard Training, , August 2013
