Rami Shoula
Food Services Manager


Experienced Food Services Manager adept in all aspects of managing food and beverage service. Skilled in effectively directing staff and overseeing operations to ensure optimal productivity and high levels of customer satisfaction. Bringing forth several years of industry experience and a passion for food service. Equipped with a diverse skill-set, conducive to achieving goals. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Food Safety
  ★★★★★ Performance Evaluation
  ★★★★★ Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Inventory Control
  ★★★★★ Problem Solving Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2014 – September 2019
    Food Services Manager at Affinity Catering Hall, Seattle
      Effectively coordinated daily dining banquet operations.Created menus based on seasonal offerings and customer feedback.Directed staff to achieve ultimate workflow and effectiveness. Addressed any problems or customer concerns appropriately.Maintained and managed inventories and scheduled orders accordingly. Interviewed, hired, and counseled qualified staff. 

  * June 2009 – August 2014
    Restaurant Manager at Albie's Steakhouse, Seattle
      Managed staff and restaurant procedures to ensure optimal performance.Worked to create unique menu offerings based on season and creativity. Monitored all aspects of service and motivated staff to go above and beyond. Maintained inventory and scheduled orders accordingly. Worked to ensure safety and sanitary guidelines were consistently met. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2010
    Bellevue Community College, Bellevue Associate of Communications
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Ballard High School, Seattle High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Donna Hynes from Albie's Steakhouse
    hynes.donna@albiesteak.com
    206-995-5942
  * Michael Rodriguez from Affinity Catering Hall
    rodriguezm@affinityhall.org
    206-559-4093
  * Leonard Halstein from Affinity Catering Hall
    lenny@affinityhall.org
    206-594-3211

