Rami Shoula
Senior Software Engineer


Senior software engineer with 10+ years of experience in the full software development cycle. Highly adept in leading engineer teams to achieve software development upgrades and increase business efficiency while delivering world-class solutions to clients.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Russian
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Critical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ C++
  ★★★★★ Python
  ★★★★★ Advanced Software System Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Engineering Best Practices

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2016 – September 2021
    Senior Software Engineer at Apex Technologies, Philadelphia
      
  Designed, modified and implemented technology solutions for clients. 
  Worked to meet the specific needs of clients through groundbreaking software solutions. 
  Effectively carried products and processes from concept to completion. 
  Capitalized on software engineering expertise to troubleshoot complex issues for various projects. 
  Built cutting edge tools and applications to meet strategic business goals.


  * June 2013 – July 2016
    Senior Software Engineer at S&S Technologies, Philadelphia
      
  Carefully designed, tested and built new products and features that resolved issues and advanced software. 
  Worked closely with software and hardware teams to improve the user experience and ensure reliable and secure data protection for our customers.
  Performed testing of high-value, mission-critical deliverable systems. 
  Developed and maintained documentation related to software processes and systems, including requirements and design documentation. 


  * June 2011 – June 2013
    Software Engineer at Open Solutions, Philadelphia
      
  Worked with partners and clients to figure out the best protocols and designs to solve business problems. 
  Handled complex data modeling and performance testing processes. 
  Created and implemented user interfaces using best practices and tools. 
  Trained 8 new team members on company policy and workflow.



EDUCATION
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Temple University, Philadelphia Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

