Rami Shoula
Caterer


Experienced and passionate Caterer with over five years of experience in the catering industry, serving clients throughout New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. I have catered for private clients, corporations, nonprofits, and cultural institutions. Striving to provide every client with innovation, quality, and commitment to excellent service. Specializing in American Cuisine and local flavors. Working to uphold a commitment to sustainable agriculture and environmentally friendly practices. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Culinary Techniques
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Food Safety
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2016 – August 2021
    Head of Catering at Alyss & Alyss, New York
      Responsible for planning unique and satisfying menus that meet and exceed client expectations. Sourced food and introduce local dishes when possible. Managed all financial aspects of the business and effectively managed client's budgets. Hired extra staff when necessary and properly trained all staff members. Address any additional needs or concerns of the client, working to continually satisfy the client. 

  * August 2012 – August 2014
    Events And Marketing Coordinator at Stripes and Circles Events, New York
      Held meetings with clients and worked to understand their vision and desires of events. Provided clients with a list of vendors to choose from based on their vision. Managed month of and day of coordination for various events including weddings, private parties, and corporate events. Made menu suggestions that tied into the overall theme of the event. Helped to keep client on budget and provided them with detailed expense reports. 

  * August 2014 – July 2016
    Catering Assistant at Alyss & Alyss, New York
      Assisted Head Caterer with the planning and execution of events. Researched and collected price quotes from vendors. Researched seasonal fare and advised head caterer on market trends and ideas. Assisted with financial transactions and communication with clients. Served as a coordinator at events, ensuring place settings were correct and all vendors delivered on time.


EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – August 2013
    Salem University, Chicago Advanced Diploma in Culinary Arts

    Graduated at the top of my class. 
  * August 2007 – May 2012
    SUNY New Paltz, New Paltz Bachelor of Marketing

REFERENCES
  * Alyss Dovure from Alyss & Alyss
    alyss@aafood.com
    212-387-3287
  * Ellen Walls from Stripes & Circles Events
    ewalls@stripesandcircles.com
    212-672-2217
  * Erica Smith from SUNY New Paltz
    smith@sunynp.com
    914-283-5224

