Rami Shoula
Assembler


Experienced Assembler with vast experience in assembling a variety of products and handling all functions relating to material gathering, assembling, quality control. and packaging. A proven track record of assembling products and packing orders for customers in an accurate and time efficient manner. Bringing forth excellent leadership skills and a self starter attitude and work ethic. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★☆☆☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented
  ★★★★★ Organization Skills
  ★★★★☆ Computer Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2015 – July 2019
    Assembler at Plastix, New York
      Completed production orders within strict deadlines. Managed other assemblers and worked with team leaders to enhance productivity. Met all safety compliance standards and ensured the quality of our products. Loaded and unloaded items from machine conveyors. Mentored new assembly workers on protocol and safety guidelines. Performed minor equipment maintenance when necessary. Reported any machine malfunctions or safety issues to supervisor. 

  * September 2013 – September 2015
    Assembler at Croy Packaging Facility, New York
      Followed all instructions and safety procedures during assembly. Monitored assembly line and reported any issues. Maintained a clean and organized working environment to enhance productivity. Worked well with other assemblers to ensure time efficiency and clear communication. Handled each product and package with care and precision. Monitored and recorded department inventory. Assisted with product quality assurance. 

  * September 2012 – August 2013
    Assembler at Horizon Inc., New York
      Worked as a part-time assembler in the production unit. Maintained a clean and safe working situation. Recorded inventory and restocked materials when needed. Learned the practices of an assembly line and quickly became one of the top producers. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    White Plains High School, White Plains High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Joan Legenthal from Croy Packaging Facility
    joan@croypack.com
    212-334-2426
  * Len Hayeworth from Croy Packaging Facility
    len@croypack.com
    212-334-3948
  * Halley Rose from Plastix Inc. 
    halley@plastixinc.com
    212-776-2536

