Rami Shoula
Academic Tutor


Dedicated and experienced Academic Tutor with a proven track record for helping students to improve their academic performance. Adept at evaluating students and creating learning plans based on their strengths and weaknesses. Bringing forth a devotion to education and helping others to achieve their academic and life goals. 
  

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Curriculum Development
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ SAT Prep
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Educational Philosophies
  ★★★★★ Informal and Formal Assessments

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2015 – September 2019
    Academic Tutor at Tutor Time, Norwalk
      Performed thorough evaluations for students to better understand their level and needs. Communicated with family members and teachers of students to develop a program best suited for their needs. Utilized effective teaching methods to see greater results. Monitored the progress of students and made adjustments in lesson plans when necessary. Achieved high client satisfaction ratings due to increases in academic performance and better grades. 

  * April 2010 – April 2015
    Academic Tutor at Sylvan Learning Center, Stamford
      Worked with students in grades K-8 to strengthen and support their writing skills. Used reading comprehension exercises to help students with their writing skills. Helped students to gain a deeper understanding of writing principles and concepts,Aided students in exam preparation and held writing workshops prior to exam seasons. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2017 – Present
    Villanova University, Villanova Master of Childhood Education
  * August 2007 – May 2011
    University of Scranton, Scranton Bachelor of Arts in English 

REFERENCES
  * Richard Myers from Sylvan Learning Center
    rmyers@sylvanlearns.com
    203-448-5867
  * Carol Angiello from Tutor Time
    carol@tutortimect.org
    203-475-5965
  * Lance Hochstein from Tutor Time
    lhochstein@tutortimect.org
    203-495-5541

