Rami Shoula
Office Manager


Dynamic Office Manager with extensive experience overseeing office operations to ensure a productive and positive work atmosphere. Adept in providing outstanding day-to-day administrative support to management and staff. CHRO certified and committed to continually growing both professionally and personally. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * Jacob Harding LinkedIn: www.jhlinked.com

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian
  ★★★★☆ French

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Customer Service
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication
  ★★★★★ Administrative
  ★★★★★ Excellent Multitasking
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Financial Accounting
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Office Technology

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2017 – Present
    Office Manager at Bayview Architects, New York
      
  Successfully oversaw day-to-day operations and worked to foster efficiency. 
  Maintained office-wide calendars and assisted with events and travel arrangements. 
  Managed vendors and the purchasing of office supplies, software, and equipment. 
  Maintained office-wide protocols in accordance with the employee handbook and COVID guidelines. 
  Assisted bookkeeper with company payroll, accounts payable, accounts receivable, expense reimbursement, and general ledger. 
  Interfaced with clients on project-related matters and provided appropriate support to ensure the smooth flow of projects. 
  Created and managed project invoices and tracked project expenses. 


  * October 2014 – June 2017
    Office Manager at Lissa Medical Day Spa, New York
      
  Provided optimal office support for one of the busiest and most celebrated midtown medical day spas. 
  Supervised all front office operations to ensure profitability, and exceptional service and value for every client. 
  Effectively managed front staff operations and worked to achieve ultimate client satisfaction rates. 
  Answered and managed calls, coordinated client schedules, and provided for seamless client care and follow-up. 
  Assisted with the marketing and promotion of events through the implementation of effective email marketing campaigns. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2018 – April 2019
    Wharton Aresty Institute-Executive Education,  CHRO Program
  * September 2010 – May 2014
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Arts in Communications

