Rami Shoula
Maintenance Technician


Experienced and resourceful Maintenance Technician with over five years of experience providing quality customer service in the field of automotive repair. Skilled in the areas of diagnosis and repair and preventative maintenance. Experience with electrical systems, HVAC systems, brakes and fuel systems, and power system break-down and repair. Excellent communicator, able to work with clients and educate them on the state of their vehicle, while providing high quality customer care every step of the way. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  Clean Driving Record
  ★★★★★ Collision Consulting
  ★★★★★ Automotive Air Conditioning Repair
  ★★★★★ General Maintenance and System Repairs
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2016 – September 2019
    Automotive Technician  at Jake's Auto Shop, Los Angeles
      Applied learned knowledge of automobiles to provide the best service possible for all clients. Thoroughly examined vehicles to determine the malfunction or condition of the vehicle's parts.Ordered accurate amount of supplies to ensure shop inventory was where it needed to be. Remained informed on industry advancements and recalls as part of my pledge to excellent customer service. 

  * August 2014 – June 2016
    Maintenance Technician at Hyland Repair Shop, Los Angeles
      Performed tests on vehicles to determine their functionality. Communicated well with customers to ensure optimal customer experiences. Enhanced car appearances by performing dent removals and paint jobs. Scheduled and performed maintenance routine visits such as oil changes, tire rotations and changes, wheel balancing, and tune-ups. Repaired and installed new water pumps and radiators in vehicles. Helped to increase customer return rates by providing excellent customer service at all times. 

  * September 2012 – August 2014
    Maintenance Technician at Nevada Automotive Center, Reno
      Communicated well with customers regarding their vehicle's issues and needs. Provided quality assessments of vehicles before diagnosing specific issues and assigning repair. Rebuilt and repaired engines. Properly disassembled and reassembled various parts. Organized important client and work related records. Monitored inventory of parts and placed orders when necessary. Complied with all state vehicle standards. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2013 – May 2014
    Ashworth Institute, Hillsdale Automotive HVAC Training
  * August 2011 – August 2013
    Lincoln Technical Institute, Whitestone Associate of Automotive Technology

REFERENCES
  * Joseph Randoli from Nevada Automotive Center
    jrandoli@nevauto.com
    719-092-2438
  * Linda Baker  from Hyland Repair Shop
    lbaker@hyland.org
    517-290-6767
  * Chris Walls from Jake's Auto Shop
    cwalls@jakesauto.com
    661-290-7181

