Rami Shoula
Substitute Teacher


Experienced and enthusiastic Substitute Teacher with a passion for teaching and inspiring others. Bringing forth several years of experience as a camp counselor and small-group instructor. Committed to learning about varying educational philosophies, and motivated by my appreciation of the human spirit and our innate desire to learn. Adept in following lesson plans and fostering a classroom environment conducive to learning. Bringing forth dedication, a love of education, and the desire to positively impact the lives of students.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Advanced Teaching Techniques
  ★★★★★ Classroom Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Educational Philosophies 
  ★★★★★ Modified Instructional Techniques

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2016 – February 2019
    Substitute Teacher at Lancaster School System, Lancaster 
      
  Developed and implemented a well designed curriculum for students.
  Modified curriculum and instruction techniques to meet the needs of diverse learners.
  Served as an encouraging mentor to all of my students.
  Sought to facilitate meaningful discussions regarding the subject area.
  Integrated technology into the classroom when possible. 


  * March 2013 – June 2016
    Assistant Teacher at Little Toad's Nursery School, Villanova
      
  Served as a dedicated and enthusiastic Assistant Teacher in a 3's and 4's program. 
  Assisted the Head Teacher with daily tasks and special projects as needed. 
  Helped to plan lessons based on student interests.
  Fostered a welcoming and positive learning environment. 
  Communicated with parents as needed. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2019 – June 2019
    St. Joseph's College, Villanova Bachelor of Early Childhood Education
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    St. Dominic's Academy, Villanova High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Daven Johnson from St. Joseph's College
    johnson.daven@stjoescollege.edu
    614-334-6599
  * Marissa Scataglini from Little Toad's Nursery School
    scataglini@littletoadsva.com
    610-554-8790
  * Brian Macabee from Lancaster School System
    macabee@lancasterschools.com
    717-554-7768

