Rami Shoula
ESL Teacher


Passionate and effective ESL Teacher with experience helping students to improve their English language vocabulary, reading comprehension and writing. Adept in all aspects of activities in the four areas of language learning: Speaking, Writing, Reading, and Listening. Bringing forth several years of experience, combined with a passion for serving as an effective educator and helping students to achieve proficiency in the English Language. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Spanish
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Lesson Planning
  ★★★★★ Lesson Modification
  ★★★★★ Differentiation Techniques
  ★★★★★ Language Building Activities

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2014 – September 2019
    ESL Teacher at The Harvey School, Katonah
      Conducted home language surveys to determine the needs of a student. Placed students in programs that best suited their needs. Planned and implemented lessons that consisted of skill building techniques for reading, writing, listening, and speaking. Conducted small group and individual lessons. Attended professional development workshops to remain informed about the best techniques and strategies for English Language Learners. Identified and suggestion additional resources for English Language Learners and their families. 

  * August 2011 – May 2014
    ESL Teacher at Yonkers High School, Yonkers
      Created effective curriculum for English Language Learners and provided instruction that met the needs of all students. Modified lessons for individual learners based on their current skill-set and needs. Incorporated a variety of centers in the classroom that aimed to boost the achievements of English Language Learners. Worked with families of students to promote learning techniques. Created and fostered a trusting atmosphere where students felt comfortable and supported. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2011
    Fordham University, New York Master of Science in Teaching
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Sociology

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Len Rosenthal from Fordham University
    lrosenthal@fordham.edu
    212-887-4536
  * Christa McGee from Yonkers High School
    mcgee@yonkershs.edu
    914-293-8874
  * Rosa Lopez from The Harvey School
    lopez@harveyschool.edu
    914-332-2185

