Rami Shoula
Real Estate


Passionate and dedicated Real Estate Professional seeking to help sellers and buyers achieve their real estate goals through the implementation of best practices and principles. Adept in managing and overseeing all phases of the real estate process with care and ease. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Customer Service
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Ability to Multitask
  ★★★★★ Marketing and Sales
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work Under Pressure
  ★★★★★ Real Estate Knowledge

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2017 – July 2021
    Real Estate Agent at Cantaberry Realtors, New York
      
  Worked to build strong relationships with existing clients and establish new contacts through networking.
  Utilized web-based tools to manage a database of clients. 
  Responded quickly to the needs of buyers and sellers. 
  Appropriately marketed properties and sold for the best possible prices and conditions. 
  Interacted with customers via phone, email, and social media. 
  Completed relevant training to remain informed within the current real estate market. 
  Structured availability to show client's homes and attend open houses.


  * August 2014 – October 2016
    Real Estate Agent at Bellview Home Services, New York
      
  Networked with customers via phone, email, and social media. 
  Educated clients on the state of the real estate market and options available to them. 
  Assisted potential clients with financial concerns regarding real estate sales and purchases. 
  Consistently pursued and followed up on leads. 
  Worked to deliver exceptional service resulting in excellent ratings and return clients. 
  Effectively marketed my real estate services to the local community. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2014
    Marymount Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Science in Marketing

COURSES
  * October 2015
    Accredited Luxury Home Specialist, 
  * September 2016
    Certified Staging Professionals Elite Agent Program, 

LICENSES
  * Real Estate License, NYREI , , 2014
