Rami Shoula
Engineer


Experienced Engineer bringing forth 5+ years providing superior technical guidance and successfully executed engineering designs. Adept in overseeing all aspects of project management including design, implementation, verification, and validation of engineering designs. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ PMI Certified Project Management Professional 
  ★★★★★ Microsoft Project
  ★★★★★ MS Dynamics AX
  ★★★★★ Advanced Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Hardware Design 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2016 – July 2021
    Senior Project Engineer at Valley Field Technologies, Boston
      
  Effectively guided technical project development and helped to steer and improve program processes.
  Planned and executed assigned engineering designs with accuracy.
  Worked with program managers to ensure proper and adequate technical staffing.
  Executed design and development efforts in adherence to all engineering design standards. 
  Worked to quickly resolve technical conflicts and issues.
  Developed and maintained project timelines.
  Monitored and adjusted control systems.


  * July 2014 – August 2015
    Project Manager at Infotech Builders, Boston
      
  Worked to leverage business acumen, leadership experience, and technical skills to deliver results.
  Oversaw all aspects of project budget, planning, design, and installation. 
  Assessed and communicated project status and potential risks across multiple teams. 
  Planned and conducted weekly standing meetings with internal teams and external vendors and contractors. 
  Proposed continuous improvement strategies with the goal of higher deployment rates. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2014 – May 2016
    Boston University, Boston Master of Science in Systems Engineering
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    Northwestern University, Chicago Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2015 – June 2016
    Project Engineer Intern at Ablehand Industries, Boston

    
  Utilized my skills to support the design and installation of equipment and systems.
  Troubleshooted production problems.
  Estimating and led new product improvement projects. 
  Worked hand-in-hand with production managers and front line operators to improve manufacturing operations.


