Rami Shoula
Compliance Officer


Experienced and driven Compliance Officer with a proven track record of helping to lead companies by ensuring they are functioning in complete compliance with all national and international rules and regulations.  I possess excellent communication skills, allowing for the cultivation of positive and mutually beneficial business relationships, while keeping strong ethics at the forefront of my goals. I bring forth a superior knowledge of compliance laws and regulations, as well as standard business law.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Critical Thinking
  ★★★★★ Result Oriented
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Leadership

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2009 – September 2019
    Compliance Officier at Mutual Impact Inc. , New York
      Handled regulatory inquiries from SEC, FINRA, CFTC, CME, NFA and foreign regulators. Researched, interpreted, and advised the company regarding compliance with laws and regulations. Wrote instructions for various departments on how to interpret and implement new guidelines. Developed remedial action plans when needed if audit findings called for action. 

  * September 2009 – September 2013
    Compliance Officer at Capital Lending, New York
      Provided valuable compliance advice to the business unit management regarding policies, controls, and procedures. Updated the business unit management when regulatory requirements or regulatory environment changes. Provided ongoing support to maintain and uphold the compliance program. Managed and coordinate the regulatory affairs of Capital Lending Asset management. Prepared accurate reports for filing. Monitored registration, licensing, and training requirements for employees. Reviewed marketing materials as necessary. Act as an effective liaison with regulatory agencies. 

  * October 2007 – August 2009
    Executive Assistant at Capital Lending, New York
      Provided top of the line administrative and clerical support to a Senior Broker at Capital Lending. Learned important terminology and processes to provide the best assistance possible. Handled calendars, inquiries, and the recording and reporting of messages. Booked conference rooms for meetings and sent out meeting itineraries. Assisted with any company initiatives that benefited from further support. Worked to promote the mission and integrity of Capital Lending. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2006 – May 2008
    Los Angeles City College, Los Angeles Associate of Communications
  * September 2002 – May 2006
    Laguna Beach High School, Laguna Beach High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Eva Sataro from Capital Lending
    sataro@capitallend.com
    890-367-3456
  * Jake Ringenfelser from Mutual Impact Inc. 
    jrwork@mutualii.com
    462-283-2828
  * Lindsay Holtmeyer from Mutual Impact Inc. 
    lhwork@mutualii.com
    462-283-6888

