Rami Shoula
Office Clerk


Passionate and knowledgeable Office Clerk with vast experience providing administrative and management skills in office settings. Accustomed to addressing the changing needs of an office and supporting colleagues and superiors with excellent assistance skills. I bring forth high quality organizational skills and a self-motivated drive to achieve excellence. Adept in various software applications, filing systems, and office equipment. A commitment to safely and professionally handling confidential tasks. Eager and ready to leverage my managerial and administrative skills to best serve your office. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Fast Typing Skills
  ★★★★★ Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Office Systems

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2015 – July 2019
    Office Clerk at PS.91 NYC PUblic School, New York
      Performed all administrative and clerical tasks in the school general office. Assisted Teachers and the Dean o Students with any administrative work, including the editing, proofreading, and distributing of documents. Handled all incoming and outgoing mail. Greeted visitors and provided them with general information about the school. Handled student health forms and filed them appropriately. 

  * October 2012 – October 2015
    Office Clerk at AIO Healthcare Inc. , New York
      Greeted visitors with a friendly and helpful attitude.Answered calls and scheduled appointments. Provided interested parties with general information.Sorted incoming mail and handled outgoing mail. Processed bills and handled other confidential documents. Typed and edited memos and reports. Made copies, input data,  and performed other important clerical tasks. Showed a sincere commitment to the success of AIO Healthcare Inc. 

  * November 2010 – September 2012
    Front Office Desk Assistant at AIO Healthcare Inc. , New York
      Served as a liaison between health professionals and patients. Provided patients with necessary information about the company and it's services. Processed insurance claims and paperwork. Made and received calls and scheduled appointments. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2006 – May 2010
    St. Thomas Aquinas College, Nyack Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2002 – May 2006
    Nyack High School, Nyack High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Bernie Linquist from AIO Healthcare Inc. 
    linquist@aiohealth.com
    212-336-2267
  * Sharon Mack from PS.91 NYC Public School
    mack@ps91.edu
    212-775-5437
  * Orion McGay from PS.91 NYC Public School
    orion@ps91.edu
    212-775-4432

