Rami Shoula
Copywriter


Highly skilled Copywriter bringing forth exceptional talent for developing content and taking projects from original conception through completion. Adept in developing and implementing copy that supports clients’ objectives.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★★ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Digital Marketing
  ★★★★★ Content Writing
  ★★★★★ Creative Writing
  ★★★★★ Copywriting

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2018 – August 2021
    Copywriter at Adventure Marketing, San Francisco
      
  Created written communications that effectively communicated and sold developed marketing concepts. 
  Managed and organized multiple projects on a daily basis.
  Brought forth an in-depth understanding of marketing initiatives and consumer mindsets. 
  Consistently wrote clear, concise, and grammatically correct copy.
  Edited copy to ensure message clarity, flow, grammar, and tone. 
  Handled extra take writing and/or editing assignments as needed. 


  * April 2014 – April 2018
    Digital Content Strategist at Fierce Falcon, Los Angeles
      
  Developed content marketing strategy plans and content calendars.
  Planned and executed a wide range of digital content. 
  Crafted content ideas based on target audiences and insights. 
  Effectively communicated strategy to creative teams and account management. 
  Presented product ideas, strategies, and designs to internal and external stakeholders.
  Led cross-functional teams in the planning and delivery of content and digital strategy,
  Helped to orchestrate plans that fostered business growth for our clients.



EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    University of Southern California, Los Angeles Bachelor of Science in Marketing
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Los Angeles High School, Los Angeles High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2013 – April 2014
    Content/Copywriting Intern at Mascola Group, Los Angeles

    
  Assisted with research, blog writing, social media content, and general agency tasks.


