Rami Shoula
Zoo Keeper


Experienced and passionate Zoo Keeper with over ten years of experience providing optimal care and supervision for animals in zoo settings. Experienced in caring for a variety of animals including exotic and endangered species. Adept in observing and monitoring the health of animals, and working to create an environment conducive to their peace, well-being, and happiness. Bringing forth a lifelong love of animals combined with expertise in zoology. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Dutch

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Animal Behavior and Physiology
  ★★★★★ Behavior Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Animal Diet and Nutrition 
  ★★★★★ Strong Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Advanced Analytical Thinking Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2014 – September 2019
    Zoo Keeper at Philadeplhia Zoo, Philadelphia
      Assisted in the transport and release of animals into the zoo. Prepared and maintained records for animal management and documentation. Assessed the health of animals and created treatment programs to help them become accustomed to their new setting. Handled many aspects of animal care including bathing, feeding, and the administering of medications. Actively taught animals and engaged with them in one-on-one settings often. 

  * November 2009 – April 2014
    Zoo Keeper at San Francisco Zoo, San Francisco
      Provided daily care and enrichment to outdoor animals. Maintained files and records regarding animal inventory, behavior, breeding tendencies, and growth. Educated visitors on animal history, behavior, biology, and conservation. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2011
    Humboldt State University , Arcata Master of Zoology
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    San Diego State University, San Diego Bachelor of Biology

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
  * May 2006
    Activist at Animal Rights Association, 

REFERENCES
  * Kai Johnson from San Francisco Zoo
    kai@sanfranciscozoo.org
    604-384-1921
  * Linda Remini from San Francisco Zoo
    lindar@sanfranciscozoo.org
    604-384-3829
  * Kyle Winsley from Philadelphia Zoo
    kwinsley@philadelphiazoo.com
    507-891-2132

