Rami Shoula
Antique Dealer


Passionate Antique Dealer bringing forth over ten years of hands-on experience collecting and dealing an assortment of antiques. Adept in establishing professional and positive relationships with clients, while providing them with industry knowledge and optimal customer service. Effectively able to negotiate sales and purchases, and properly advise clients regarding their antiques. Eager to join the right Auction House where my knowledge of antiques and passion for the industry can serve as a guiding light. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Attention to Detail
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Negotiating Skills
  ★★★★★ Industry Knowledge

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2009 – October 2019
    Antique Dealer at , Hartford
      Continually add to an impressive inventory of American and European Antiques. Advise clients regarding the identity and value of pieces. Assist clients in building collections based on their taste and desires. Maintain thorough records of inventory and sold pieces. Strive to provide optimal customer service to clients at all times. 

  * July 2006 – April 2012
    Antique Shop Assistant at Madison Antiques, Boston
      Assisted the owners of this busy and successful Antique Shop by providing high level assistance and excellent customer service. Performed research relating to antiques and artists, and advised clients accordingly. Negotiated sales and purchases and handled all contracts. Maintained organized records of sales and inventory. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2003 – May 2007
    Boston College, Boston Bachelor of Communications
  * September 1999 – May 2003
    St. Francis Preparatory School, Boston High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Genevieve DeFranco from Madison Antiques
    gdefranco@madisonantiques.com
    607-669-0977
  * Leonard Hopkins from Madison Antiques
    leonard@madisonantiques.com
    607-554-3212
  * Connor Treadwell from The National Art and Antique Dealers Association of America
    ctreadwell@naada.org
    212-332-2146

