Rami Shoula
Cook


Hardworking Cook with several years of experience working in fast-paced kitchens. Adept in working with other culinary professionals to achieve goals and ensure customer satisfaction. Committed to using safe and sanitary cooking practices, and maintaining an organized and clean cooking area. Experienced in operating various pieces of cooking equipment and tools. Bringing forth advanced food preparation techniques and the ability to serve wonderful food in a timely manner. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowlegde of Food
  ★★★★★ Kitchen Management 
  ★★★★★ Food Science 
  ★☆☆☆☆ Creativity and Innovation
  ★★★★★ Safe Food Handling and Sanitation 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2012 – September 2019
    Cook at Edmund's, New York
      Worked as a Line Cook in a busy American-Asian fusion restaurant. Followed recipes closely and served food in accordance with restaurant serving guidelines. Safely stored food items, and kept inventories. Prepared food carefully in response to customer requests or allergies. 

  * July 2007 – August 2012
    Line Cook at Stratatella Ristorante, New York
      Prepared my station before the start of service each day. Ensured that all needed supplies were present before work. Worked effectively with all kitchen personnel, to promote a happy working environment. Worked in regards to Food Safety Regulations.

  * September 2005 – June 2007
    Back Line Cook at Jimmy Groger's Pub, Poughkeepsie
      Assisted with food preparations prior to service. Made sure food at my station was ready before needed. Handled food with cleanliness and care. Cleaned kitchen and organized cooking utensils. Worked with other restaurant staff to ensure success. 


EDUCATION
  * July 2005 – May 2009
    Culinary Institute of America, Hyde Park Bachelor of Culinary Arts Management
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Warwick High School, Warwick High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Sal Romano from Peter Parla's
    sromano@parlas.com
    212-763-3347
  * Eleanor Hayes from Peter Parla's
    ehayes@parlas.com
    212-625-9282
  * Harry Holsenick from Harry and Henry's
    holsenick@harrys.com
    917-262-2453

