Rami Shoula
High School teacher


Passionate High School Teacher with over five years of experience working with students in Grades 9-12, specializing in English and American History. Adept in creating a powerful curriculum in accordance with educational standards. Able to create and foster positive relationships with students, staff, and family members of students. Knowledgeable and experienced in various educational philosophies, which best promote the overall experience of a student. A committed faculty member, experienced in organizing school events, trips, and fundraisers. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Lesson Planning
  ★★★★★ Curriculum and Instruction
  ★★★★★ Learning Assessments
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2010 – November 2017
    High School English Teacher at The Hillbrow School, Beacon
      Designed and implemented a carefully thought out English curriculum for grades 9-12. Assessed the needs of students and modified teaching style and lesson plans to accommodate different learning needs. Served as student advisor for grades 9 and 10, offering academic, social, and emotional support. Fostered a classroom environment conducive to interactive learning, where the ideas of students were valued and respected. Prepared students for standardized tests, resulting in increasing average test scores each year. 

  * September 2004 – June 2010
    High School Teacher at John Jay High School, Yonkers
      Served as a 9th and 10th grade History and English Teacher, responsible for 26 classes of students. Developed and implemented powerful History and English curricula, aimed to meet education standards and enlighten students. Monitored student progress and performance, and maintained meticulous documentation for each student.Collaborated with other faculty members to connect curriculum and deepen the level of learning taking place. Planned and organized the annual Golf Fundraiser for the school, resulting in $6,000 being raised for the History and Science Departments. Worked with students with various learning needs to help them achieve their greatest potential. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2003 – January 2005
    Marist College, Poughkeepsie Master of Science in Secondary Education
  * August 1999 – May 2003
    Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Arts in History and English

    Graduated summa cum laude. 

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Rohon Jeshu from Manhattan College
    jeshu@manhattan.edu
    718-649-9982
  * Dr. Linda Fullerton from Marist College
    lfullerton@marist.org
    845-485-0023
  * Janice King from The Hillbrow School
    janice@hillbrow.edu
    845-338-4856

