Rami Shoula
Human Resources Manager


Experienced and self-motivated Human Resources Manager with five years of industry experience overseeing the Human Resources Department of a technology company, and working to implement programs and changes that enhanced the company. Knowledgeable about employment law and effective organizational planning. Highly competent communicator skilled in developing initiatives that improve company profitability and growth. Bringing forth a proven track record of successfully managing Human Resource efforts and leading teams to work toward company goals. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ HRIS Technologies
  ★★★★★ ATS & CRM Software
  ★★★★★ Employee Recruitment & Retention
  ★★★★★ Online Sourcing
  ★★★★★ Program Management
  ★★★★★ Training & Development

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2016 – September 2019
    Human Resources Manger at City Waterworks, Spokane
      Served as the first point of contact for virtual &amp; onsite employee inquiries Tracked HR issues to resolution &amp; escalated, if needed Coached managers &amp; employees on performance matters Managed virtual and onsite onboarding/offboarding Completed HRIS data entry, reporting, auditing, &amp; processed payroll requests Supervised HR Coordinator 

  * November 2014 – March 2016
    Regional Recruiter at Vitamin T Talent, Seattle
      Identified and recruited highly qualified talent via ATS, job boards, &amp; personal networks Maintained positive connections with all potential &amp; placed talent Negotiated contract terms with talent &amp; oversaw credentialing process 

  * July 2010 – October 2014
    Human Resources Manager at Docal Technology Inc. , Seattle
      Managed and lead a 12 person team of Human Resources Professionals. Identified company setbacks and developed and implemented solutions. Worked on behalf of employees to ensure a safe and healthy work space, conducive to results. Communicated strategic planning results to the CEO, and addressed any issues that needed tending to. Helped to ensure employee retention by listening and understanding the desires and needs of employees. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2007 – May 2010
    University of Houston, Houston Master of Science, Human Resource Development
  * August 2003 – May 2007
    Gonzaga University, Spokane Bachelor of Communications

REFERENCES
  *  from 
  * Betsy Miller from City Waterworks
    bmiller@spokanewater.com
    (509)332-5996
  * Harold Reyes from Vitamin T Talent
    reyes.harold@gmail.com
    (206)445-7878
  * Sylvia Fuller from Docal Technology 
    sylviafuller@docaltech.com
    (206)334-3453

