Rami Shoula
Car Mechanic


Dedicated and experienced certified Car Mechanic with over five years of experience working in automotive shops. An extremely focused and detail-oriented technician who is capable of accurately analyzing, diagnosing, and repairing a variety of issues using advanced equipment and comprehensive checklists. Bringing forth extensive hands-on experience with mechanical maintenance and repairs, in accordance with all mandatory state inspections. A strong communicator, able to address all client questions and concerns. Committed to optimal customer service and the proper maintenance and repairs of vehicles. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Diagnosis & Repair
  ★★★★★ Experience with Multi-meters & Analyzers
  ★★★★★ Complete Engine Overhauls
  ★★★★★ Brake Repair & Replacement
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Troubleshooting Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2014 – September 2019
    Car Mechanic at Desert Automotive, Las Cruces
      
  Ran Engine Performance Service Diagnostics.
  Completed full engine repairs and replacements.
  Repaired or overhaul brake systems.
  Organized stocked and ordered parts to maintain inventory. 
  Provided superior customer service to clients by addressing all questions and concerns.  	  
  Completed pre-purchase inspections for dealerships.  	  


  * October 2011 – January 2014
    Car Mechanic at Bairds Automotive, Las Cruces
      
  Examined vehicles for state emissions inspections and completed necessary repairs.
  Worked as a positive and hardworking team member in the busy auto-body shop. 
  Remained up-to-date on the latest automotive technologies. 
  Utilized advanced trouble-shooting and diagnostic skills to maintain and repair vehicles. 



  * March 2008 – October 2011
    Car Mechanic at AAMCO Transmissions & Total Car Care, Las Cruces
      Diagnosed &amp; repaired issues with electrical systemsCompleted submitted work orders for factory scheduled maintenanceCarried out test drives to diagnose faults in vehicles


EDUCATION
  * August 2003
    Lincoln Technical Institute, Whitestone Automotive Technology Certificate
  * September 1998 – May 2002
    Astoria High School, Astoria  High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * José Mendoza from Desert Automotive
    jose@desertautomotivelc.com
    (575) 527-4866
  * Eric Mangiano from Bairds Automotive
    mangiano@bairdsautomotive.com
    Phone number (575) 267-2160

