Rami Shoula
Investment Banker


Insightful Investment banker with several years of experience in high pressure environments, working to successfully analyze financial records and identify promising investment opportunities and potential problems. Superior skills in auditing and accounting and the ability to effectively manage customer relationships and provide beneficial investment services. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Portfolio Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Quantitative Skills
  ★★★★★ Mutual Funds and Hedge Funds
  ★★★★★ Strategic Planning
  ★★★★★ Regulatory Compliance

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * December 2014 – August 2019
    Investment Consultant at Kaygar Abu Bank, Dallas
      Effectively seek client relationships with long term interest and advantage. Monitored markets and adjusted client strategies as needed. Served as a critical and effective team member in the brokerage division of fiduciary and private banking services. Helped to establish and nurture key relationships with fixed-income clients. Helped to grow client base to top 8% in less than 8 months. 

  * November 2012 – November 2014
    Analyst at Gichaw Bank, Miami
      
  Worked with Senior Directors to evaluate and improve strategy and overall financial efforts for the firm's growth. 
  Carefully evaluated security solutions and aspects of retail markets. 
  Analyzed financial records and statements to identify positive investment opportunities. 
  Advised business entities in all financial endeavors. 
  Effectively consulted with clients to identify financial growth and financial impairment factors. 


  * January 2011 – October 2012
    Financial Analyst Intern at Morgan Stanley, New York
      Assisted superiors with marketing research and business presentations. Provided superiors with thorough market research necessary to target new business. Assisted senior bankers with management of capital markets transactions.Designed and presented financial models to depict financial growth and identify capital raising scenarios. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – December 2011
    Manhattan College, New York Master of Accounting

    Graduated with High Honors. 
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    NYU, New York Bachelor of Finance and Accounting

    Graduated suma cum laude. President of the debate team. 

REFERENCES
  * Lloyd Frankensen from Gichaw Bank
    lfrank@gichaw.com
    438-922-1829
  * Terri Rosen from Kaygar Abu Bank
    trosen@kabu.com
    212-888-4312
  * Jackie Hoyt from Morgan Stanley
    jhoyt@morganstanley.org
    212-977-1136

