Rami Shoula
Postal Service Worker


Experienced and professional Postal Service Worker with over six years of experience in busy and high volume environments. Customer service focused and highly proficient with USPO technologies and protocols. Friendly, organized, and adept in service solutions. Excellent knowledge of postal distribution methods, services, and rates. Bringing forth a strong attention to detail, excellent literacy skills, and the ability to process mail quickly and efficiently. Committed to customer satisfaction and the protection of privacy and integrity.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Patient
  ★★★★★ Highly Organized
  ★★★★★ Strong Communication Skills
  ★★★☆☆ Advanced Mathematics
  ★★★★★ Dilligence

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2014 – September 2019
    Post Office Clerk at United States Post Office, Newark
      Greeted customers and provided them with quality service and assistance. Informed and guided customers during their mailing selections. Assisted customers with various expedited delivery services. Managed a team consisting of 8 clerks. Assisted in the hiring and training processes of new clerks. Handled all inquiries, concerns, and complaints with professionalism.

  * August 2010 – July 2014
    Post Office Clerk at United States Post Office, Rutherford
      Worked as a friendly and helpful clerk, renowned for fast and excellent service. Worked with minimum supervision and enabled fast transactions. Handled address changes and redirected mail to the proper addresses. Fostered an in depth knowledge of different postal distribution methods. Helped customers determine the best options to meet their mailing needs. 

  * May 2008 – July 2010
    Front Desk Specialist at New Brunswick Public Library, New Brunswick
      Provided high quality assistance to library patrons. Performed clerical work, including the organizing and re-shelving of books. Performed all circulation desk procedures, including the checking-in and checking-out of library materials. Handled requests from other libraries. Processed requests from users to borrow materials from external libraries. Answered phone calls and provided callers with basic information. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2013
    Stonybrook University, Stonybrook B.A. in Communications

    German Language Club member. 
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Millbrook High School, Millbrook High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Lisa Ewing from United States Postal Service 
    lewing@uspo.com
    718-298-2436
  * John Randall from United States Postal Service
    jrandall@uspo.com
    763-283-1827
  * Christine Howard from United States Postal Service
    choward@uspo.com
    651-152-2727


