Rami Shoula
Firefighter


Dedicated and passionate Firefighter with over five years of experience working towards fire prevention and protection. Bringing forth extensive knowledge of safety protocols and firefighter procedures. Experience providing aid to victims of disaster including fires, car accidents, and other high risk situations. Adept at using sound knowledge and experience to accurately assess a situation and move forward with a logical plan of mediation. Proven track record of superior performance and an obvious dedication to the safety of people everywhere. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★☆ Fire Prevention
  ★★★★☆ Critical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Dedicated Team Player
  ★★★★★ Troubleshooting Skills
  ★★★☆☆ Emergency Medical Knowledge
  ★★★☆☆ First Aid and CPR
  ★★★★★ Arson Investigation 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * December 2014 – July 2017
    Firefighter and EMT at New Canaan Fire Department, New Canaan
      Provided emergency rescue on multiple occasions. Responded to 911 calls and administered emergency care to victims. Recorded data and filed detailed incident reports. Effectively communicated with co-workers, civilians, and officials to ensure the safety of all people involved or near an incident. Performed CPR several time, saving the lives of people at risk. Showed an unrelenting dedication to my job and my commitment to safety. 

  * November 2011 – November 2014
    Firefighter at New York Fire Department, New York
      Performed fire prevention and fire suppression duties as needed. Responded to all emergency calls and followed safety protocols. Used sound judgment and analytical thinking skills to respond to emergency situations. Handled high risk situations with a sense of calm and careful thought. Maintained department equipment and vehicles. Worked collaboratively with my team members to best serve the public. Mentored and trained new firefighters and supervised them during emergency responses. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2011
    FDNY Training Division, New York Fire science Training Program

    Graduated in the top of my class. 
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    St. John's University, New York Bachelor of Criminal Justice

    Graduated suma cum laude. 

REFERENCES
  * Jake Hayes from New York City Fire Department
    hayes@nyfd.com
    212-336-8877
  * Linda Johnson from New York City Fire Department
    johnson@nyfd.org
    212-336-6475
  * Carter Condon from New Canaan Fire Department
    condon@ncfd.com
    203-775-5474

