Rami Shoula
Grant Writer


Experienced and effective Grant Writer with several years of experience helping organizations secure funds for important causes. Highly experienced in fundraising and networking, with the mission of a company at the forefront of my strategies. Bringing forth a passion for helping companies to achieve goals, and a proven track record of finding and securing funding sources. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Grant Writing Expertise 
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills 
  ★★★★★ Networking Skills
  ★★★★★ Financial Planning 
  ★★★★★ Strategic Thinking
  ★★★★★  Project Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2014 – September 2019
    Grant Writer at The Mystic Association, Seattle
      Researched and developed grant proposals for foundations, government agencies and corporate philanthropies. Helped to raise 900K in funds for new and advanced continuing education programs. Maintained tracking systems for submitted proposals, and fostered relationships with benefactors. Worked closely with program staff to ensure grant objectives were met. 

  * April 2010 – September 2014
    Grant Writer at Elizabeth Dwyer Foundation, Seattle
      Generated appropriate budgets and financial reports prior to developing grant proposals and objectives. Worked with staff to prioritize goals and grant objectives. Researched government grant assistance and policies. Wrote, edited, and submitted grant proposals and reports. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2011
    Washington State University, Seattle Master of Business Administration
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    University of Oregon, Eugene Bachelor of Marketing

REFERENCES
  * Michael Sandford from Elizabeth Dwyer Foundation
    msandford@edwyerfound.org
    206-485-4842
  * Lynn Romeo from Elizabeth Dwyer Foundation
    lromeo@edwyerfound.org
    206-485-0873
  * Jacob Wright from The Mystic Association
    jacob@mysticassoc.com
    206-485-7654

