Rami Shoula
Title Examiner


Experienced Title Examiner with advanced knowledge of Title Reports, and an in-depth understanding of researching and analyzing property records. Extremely knowledgeable about real estate procedures, laws, and markets. Committed to providing clients with timely and efficient service. Adept in computer-based research programs and experienced in compiling useful information related to taxes, liens, mortgages, bankruptcy, and foreclosures. Adept in coordinating with other professionals assisting with real estate transactions to ensure that buyers and sellers are treated fairly and appropriately.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Real Estate Procedures
  ★★★★★ Computer Based Research Programs
  ★★★★★ Strong Communication Skills
  ★☆☆☆☆ Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Relevant Laws and Regulations

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2015 – May 2020
    Title Examiner at Dallas Title Group, Dallas
      
  Assisted clients and real estate professionals with researching records and understanding risks related to insuring properties in question.
  Utilized Public Records search programs and Data Trace to uncover information associated with properties.
  Remained up to date about relevant laws and regulations.
  Prepared legal documents for clients and proceedings.
  Worked to clearly communicate the history of a property’s title to all concerned parties.


  * November 2008 – June 2015
    Title examiner at Nation Title, Austin
      
  Accurately examined chains of title for a wide range of title orders. 
  Worked to resolve issues relating to missing or inaccurate information. 
  Properly prepared and reviewed reports. 
  Provided underwriting interpretation.



EDUCATION
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    ASU, Dallas Associate of Communications
  * September 2000 – May 2004
    Astoria High School, Astoria  High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Cliff Sabia from Nation Title
    sabiac@nationtitle.com
    512-324-5688
  * Andrea Connolly from Dallas Title Group
    connolly.andrea@yahoo.com
    469-322-1290
  * Gary Porter from Dallas Title Group
    garyporter25@gmail.com
    469-321-1267

