Rami Shoula
College Admission


Motivated and passionate student with the intention of gaining admission into your renowned University. Hardworking and driven, with goals of flourishing in your respected Liberal Arts program. Bringing forth a strong academic background with a steady GPA above 3.5, and a decorated Softball career resulting in a 2017 Championship for our school. Committed to working hard and serving my school, peers, and community. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Love of Learning
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Photography Skills
  ★☆☆☆☆ Time Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2016 – September 2019
    HR Receptionist at McCann Agency, New York
      Worked as an energetic receptionist, using strong administrative skills to enhance company performance. Served as a main point of contact for the HR department.Wrote reports from dictation and reported to my superiors with said information. Made copies, sent faxes, made phone calls, and researched assignments for superiors. Organized and dispersed incoming mail to correct departments and employees. Reported to superiors on a weekly basis. Approached each work day with enthusiasm and a wonderful work ethic. 

  * July 2013 – July 2017
    Head Counselor at Little Cat's Day Camp, White Plains
      
  Worked as a head counselor for a summer camp serving 280+ children. 
  Organized and led group trips, remaining responsible for 20+ children at a time. 
  Greeted families and campers with a friendly spirit and a helpful attitude. 
  Handled disputes between campers with professionalism and sensitivity. 
  Remained knowledgeable about the allergies and medical needs of campers, seeking medical attention whenever necessary. 
  Served as a leader, and a confidante to countless campers. 
  Promoted fun and learning each and every day. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2012 – May 2016
    Greenwich Academy, Greenwich High School Diploma

    Graduated with High Honors. Member of the Swim Team. Member of the Softball team. Staff Writer of the Sacred Heart Newspaper. Member of the Photography Club. Graduated with High Honors.

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Jane Rosenblum from Greenwich Academy
    jrosenblum@greenwich.edu
    914-298-2218
  * Dr. Francis Hilloway from Greenwich Academy
    fhilloway@greenwich.edu
    914-263-1725
  * Linda Esposito from Little Cat's Day Camp
    linda@lccamp.org
    914-287-2729

