Rami Shoula
Stage Manager


Passionate and experienced Stage Manager with several years of experience in stage management and community theater work. Bringing forth a lifelong passion for aiding in the success of theatrical productions by serving as a knowledgeable and effective Stage Manager. Dedicated to building and fostering positive relationships with stage crew, actors, and theater goers. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Superior Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Visual Design Skills
  ★★★★★ History of Theater

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2013 – September 2019
    Stage Manager at Round Circle Theater, Chicago
      Supervised, supported, and created plans for stage crews and performers. Ensured that the director's and designer's visions were carried out through production. Worked to ensure the proper delivery of lines, and the proper scenery changes during the play. Arranged for advertising for upcoming productions. 

  * May 2008 – April 2013
    Stage Manager at Atrium Theater, Chicago
      Organized, scheduled, and managed rehearsals for a series of productions over the course of five years. Collaborated with other production crew on set designs, props, and costume designs. Developed and fostered positive relationships with crew members, performers, and theater personnel. Leveraged my organizational skills and superior attention to detail to ensure that rehearsals and productions ran smoothly. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Northwestern University, Evanaston Bachelor of Theatre
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    North Chicago High School, Chicago High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * October 2007 – March 2008
    Intern- Stage Crew at Atrium Theater, Chicago

    Assisted stage crew and production members with a variety of tasks to aid in the success of productions. 

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Susan Lowenthal from Northwestern University
    slowenthal@northwestern.edu
    312-558-5288
  * Michael Sandusky from Atrium Theater
    michael@atriumtheater.org
    312-521-2327
  * Eliza Schmidt from Round Circle Theater
    eschmidt@roundcircle.com
    312-995-4418

