Rami Shoula
Cyber Security


Highly-skilled cyber security specialist adept in protecting and securing data and computer systems. Committed to providing security implementation and support including in-depth analysis, planning and preparation.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Dutch; Flemish
  ★★★★☆ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Cyber Security
  ★★★★★ Infrastructure Solutions 
  ★★★★★ Linux OS
  ★★★★★ Citrix
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of the Cyber Threat Landscape
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Technical Project Coordination

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2017 – Present
    Cyber Security Specialist at Rexon Technologies, New York
      
  Effectively managed IT security-related projects for infrastructure rollouts, and implemented upgrades and replacements for server systems. 
  Led multiple projects with responsibility for hardware planning and risk management. 
  Managed activities including planning, budgeting, oversight and documentation of all aspects of assigned projects. 
  Anticipated and defined customer needs and continually achieved high quality results for both internal and external customers. 
  Maintained close and positive relationships with business team members. 
  Trained roughly 200 end users on security processes. 
  Helped to build the internal help desk and trained technical staff to provide support to over 10,000 users.


  * July 2014 – December 2016
    IT Security Specialist at Deerfield Company, New York
      
  Oversaw security initiatives of the cloud structure and worked to investigate and resolve any related issues. 
  Directed all phases of complex projects while managing and motivating team members. 
  Worked with technical teams and external vendors to provide optimal operational support for various services. 
  Provided timely and accurate responses for all incidents and requests. 
  Performed and coordinated special assignments from the infrastructure manager. 
  Simulated attacks on systems to find exploitable weaknesses and implement effective solutions. 
  Helped to provide short-term and long-term solutions for over 8,000 end users. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – May 2014
    Fairfield University, Fairfield Master of Science in Cyber Security
  * September 2008 – May 2012
    Boston College, Boston Bachelor of Science in Information Technology

CERTIFICATIONS
  * Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP), , 
