Rami Shoula
Magazine Editor


Experienced Magazine Editor with over six years of experience overseeing and managing content for magazine publication. Knowledgeable about selecting features that are topical, interesting, and reader friendly. Bringing forth superior writing skills and a lifelong passion for journalism. Adept in supervising writers and planning compelling content for publications. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Writing Skills
  ★★★★★ Strong Editorial Skills
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Interview Skills
  ★★★★★ Content Development Skills
  ★★★★★ Motivated Attitude

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * December 2014 – September 2019
    Magazine Editor at NEXT Inc. , San Francisco
      Managed all content development and made decisions regarding future publications. Effectively managed the editing staff and provided helpful and constructive feedback to writers. Researched audience interests to develop better content. Worked closely and collaboratively with all departments of the magazine to ensure a smooth publication process. Worked with web staff to develop more invigorating web content. Successfully managed 30+ freelance authors and helped with the development of stories. 

  * August 2012 – November 2014
    Magazine Journalist at Variety, San Francisco
      Worked to prepare thoughtful and innovative articles for publication. Researched relevant and interesting topics prior to writing articles. Wrote with an hones and objective standard.Conducted interviews and profiles for specific stories. Aimed to inform, entertain, and interest the reader at all times. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2012
    University of the Pacific , Stockton Bachelor of Journalism
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Saratoga High School, Saratoga High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Alfred Batista from Variety
    alfredb@varietyinc.org
    310-273-2112
  * Mariella Winfried from NEXT Inc. 
    winfried.m@nextinc.com
    415-844-9474
  * Joy DeFranco from NEXT Inc. 
    defranco.j@nextinc.org
    310-232-1124

