Rami Shoula
Warehouse Manager


Experienced and reliable Warehouse Manager bringing forth several years of industry experience and a proven track record of effectively managing warehouse operations. Adept in overseeing packaging and shipping processes, while ensuring that products reach their assigned destination in a timely manner. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work in a Team
  ★★★★★ Ability to Multitask
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Physical Endurance
  ★★★★★ Safe Material Handling
  ★★★★★ Heavy Lifting

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2018 – April 2021
    Warehouse Manager at The Tile Shop, Hartford
      
  Oversaw all warehouse operations from beginning to end, resulting in smooth processes and desired outcomes. 
  Directed warehouse Material Handlers and provided proper guidance when needed. 
  Carefully sorted and placed materials in their proper location. 
  Accurately completed all inventory paperwork. 
  Routinely inspected equipment to maintain smooth work processes. 
  Recorded products received and distributed. 
  Effectively communicated with all Warehouse Workers and Team Members to achieve goals. 
  Brought forth a strong work ethic and a commitment to excellence. 


  * June 2016 – March 2018
    Warehouse Worker at Hudson Materials, Brookfield
      
  Greeted drivers and carefully unloaded merchandise from trucks. 
  Consistently followed all safety protocols. 
  Performed facility and equipment maintenance as needed. 
  Safely moved materials and packaged them for shipment. 
  Carried out all tasks assigned by the Warehouse Supervisor. 
  Worked well independently and also with others. 
  Accurately identified any damages and losses and reported them immediately. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – May 2016
    West Hartford High School, West Hartford High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Jim Hiddock from Hudson Materials
    hidd_ckji@hudsonmaterials.com
    203-456-5488
  * Linda Fuller from Hudson Materials
    fuller_l@hudsonmaterials.com
    203-778-2121
  * Jacob Westerfield from The Tile Shop
    westerfield@thetileshop.org
    860-436-2244

LICENSES
  * Forklift Operator Certification, Hartford, July 2017
