Rami Shoula
Data Scientist


Accomplished Data Scientist with a passion for delivering valuable data through analytical functions and data retrieval methods. Committed to helping companies advance by helping them to develop strategic plans based on predictive modeling and findings. Bringing forth a proven track record of analyzing complex data sets and serving as a strong advisor. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Data Verification and Maintenance
  ★★★★★ Predictive Modeling
  ★★★★★ Database Development
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Data Munging
  ★★★★★ Strong Analytical Skills
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2013 – August 2019
    Data Scientist at Open System Technologies, New York
      Analyzed data sets and helped companies make decisions based on findings. Served as a thoughtful advisor, working with Sales and Marketing professionals. Utilized algorithmic and programming tools to build helpful predictive models. Performed exploratory data analysis and discovered notable relationships. Tracked performance and identified business improvement trends. 

  * November 2008 – March 2013
    Data Scientist at Maxwell Research Group, New York
      Worked to assess the company's needs and resolve issues with the use of data. Effectively mined unstructured data. Created and presented portfolios of growth, pointing out key trends. Identified new external data sources. Explained complex modeling in an understandable and relatable way. Worked to improve analytical tools and achieve greater results and awareness. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2003 – May 2007
    Manhattan College, Bronx Bachelor of Communications
  * September 1999 – May 2003
    Maria Regina High School, Hartsdale High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Joel Espinido from Maxwell Research Group
    joele@maxwellresearch.com
    212-338-4657
  * Lauren Franzesi from Maxwell Research Group
    laurenf@maxwellresearch.com
    212-948-5321
  * Martin Johnson from Open System Technologies
    mjohnson@ostamerica.org
    212-855-6943

