Rami Shoula
Maintenance Worker


Experienced Maintenance Worker with a proven track record of maintaining excellent physical environments of various facilities. Proven track record of working with building personnel to ensure all needs are met and any maintenance work is completed. Worked to achieve complete satisfaction in regards to the cleanliness and safety of environments. Bringing forth the ability to communicate well with others and the drive to meet standards of excellence in building maintenance. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★☆☆☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ General Maintenance
  ★★★★☆ Use of Machinery
  ★★★★★ Safety Standards
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Organizational Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2014 – July 2019
    Maintenance Worker at The Ridgewood Press, Ridgewood
      Worked to maintain excellent physical care of the press facility. Swept, vacuumed, and mopped floors. Cleaned the interior and exterior of glass. Performed power washes on the exterior of building surfaces and floors. Cleared debris and recycled trash. Vacuumed and dusted employee offices, conference rooms, and social rooms. Inventoried stock to ensure adequate supplies.Maintained outside landscaping according to city regulations.Handled spills and messy accidents in a safe and effective manner. Monitored the state of the outdoor parking facility and scheduled pavement to be serviced when needed. Achieved total satisfaction from my supervisor. 

  * June 2007 – May 2014
    Maintenance Worker at St. David's School, New Paltz
      Worked to keep the school clean and neat at all times. Handled spills and clean ups in a timely and effective manner. Put the safety of students and school personnel above all else. Used cleaning solutions appropriately to ensure a safe and sanitary environment. Cleaned bathrooms and replaced paper products routinely. Handled plumbing situations and replaced and installed minor parts. Cleaned and maintained kitchen appliances. Wiped down all office fixtures, furniture and equipment on a daily basis. Provided extra and in-depth cleaning prior to big events. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2003 – May 2007
    St. Francis Preparatory School, Queens High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Caesar Romo from St. David's School
    romo@saintdavids.edu
    914-293-0028
  * Clara Higgins from St. David's School
    clara@stdavids.edu
    914-293-8827
  * Harold Ledger from The Ridgewood Press
    hledger@ridgewoodpress.com
    914-293-2028

