Rami Shoula
Order Filler


Experienced and reliable Order Filler with a strong attention to detail and excellent organizational skills. Adept in accurately reading order requirements and working to fulfill them in a time efficient way. A fast learner with a great work ethic and the ability to work independently or with others. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ French

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Attention to Detail
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work Under Pressure
  ★★★★★ Logical Thinking
  ★★★★★ Positive Work Ethic

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2016 – March 2019
    Order Filler at JBC Productions, Dallas
      
  Maintained a neat and accurate workspace to successfully complete orders. 
  Paid close attention to details to ensure accuracy. 
  Updated log sheets to reflect fulfilled orders. 
  Neatly and efficiently packed orders to ensure optimal customer service. 
  Reported issues with products or packaging defects to supervisors. 
  Gathered necessary packing materials prior to production each day. 


  * September 2013 – May 2016
    Order Filler at Arielle's Fabrics, Dallas
      
  Worked to maintain an organized work area suitable to efficient packaging. 
  Maintained inventory of packaging materials and brought order items in. 
  Handed in log sheets for accountability. 
  Worked independently and also in collaboration with other employees. 
  Assisted supervisors and employees with daily tasks related to order fulfillment. 


  * June 2005 – April 2013
    Shop Assistant at Arielle's Fabrics, Dallas
      
  Assisted the Head of Shop with all daily tasks to increase productivity and achieve customer service goals. 
  Ordered fabrics and organized them neatly in our stock room. 
  Assisted customers with choosing items and purchasing transactions. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Dallas High School, Dallas High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Arielle Mostromano from Arielle's Fabrics
    a.mostromano@ariellsfabrics.com
    469-223-2673
  * Cody Perez from JBC Productions
    perez.cody@jbcprods.org
    469-332-2839
  * Juanita Garrilo from JBC Productions
    garrilo@jbcprods.org
    469-223-2789

