Rami Shoula
Senior Accountant


Certified Accountant with five years of experience in account reconciliations, streamlining accounts, and financial planning. Highly motivated professional with a proven track record of delivering accurate reports and high quality service. Possess a comprehensive understanding of all aspects of accounting and financial planning. A dedicated leader with the ability to lead effective teams in attaining profit improvement. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Skills
  ★★★★★ Management
  ★★★★★ Recruiting
  ★★★★★ Leadership

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2019 – September 2021
    Accountant at Huntington Associates, Philadelphia
      
  Oversaw the management of all company accounts.
  Processed staff payroll and other main aspects of financial transactions.
  Managed accounting teams and ensured that all accounting records were complete and accurate.
  Explained financial matters to people outside of the finance department in a comprehensive way.
  Remained professional and discreet when handling sensitive or private financial matters.
  Working closely with junior staff members while aiding them in the progression of their careers.


  * November 2014 – September 2018
    Staff Accountant at Dubone Partnership, New York
      
  Managed accounts by analyzing costs and revenues.
  Projected future trends based on analysis work.
  Managed complex expense reporting.
  Develop strategies for minimizing tax liability.
  Work closely with auditors during all audit processes.
  Performed financial risk assessments for all future business projects.
  Organized sales and profit reports.
  Prepare, review, and submit crucial budget plans for company goals.


  * October 2013 – October 2014
    Accounting Records Manager at Pepsico, New York
      
  Worked as a supervisor to staff of twelve finance department members.
  Prepared budget and analyzed inventories, cost of goods, and general accounts.
  Served as a liaison between the accounting staff and the external audit staff.



EDUCATION
  * July 2018 – July 2020
    St. Joseph's College, New York Master of Business Administration and Accounting

    Graduated with High Honors. 
  * September 2008 – May 2012
    University of Pennsylvania, Philadelphia Bachelor of Finance

    
  Graduate summa cum laude. 
  President of Student Counsel. 



REFERENCES
  * LeAnne Gaines from Dubone Partnership
    lgaines@dbp.com
    767-988-1212
  * Jeffrey Ringer from Huntington Associates
    jringer@hunt.com
    212-348-9533
  * Liam Olsen from Pepsico
    lolsen@pepsico.com
    913-278-8787

