Rami Shoula
Marketing Intern


Hardworking and enthusiastic college student working towards a B.S. in Marketing. Seeking to use my superior knowledge of social media marketing and my advanced communication skills to effectively serve your company in an internship position. Dedicated and committed to becoming a dependable and valuable team member.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Work Ethic 
  ★★★★★ Advanced Technology Skills
  ★★★★★ Teamwork Skills
  ★★★★★ Honesty and Integrity
  ★★★★★ Motivated Attitude

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2018 – May 2021
    Sales Associate at Gary's Department Store, Bellevue
      
  Maintained positive consumer relationships. 
  Provided excellent customer assistance at all times. 
  Ensured all communications were consistent with the store brand.
  Used superior information technology skills on a daily basis. 


  * June 2017 – August 2018
    Office Assistant at The Harkins Group, Seattle
      Worked to increase office productivity by maintaining an organized environment. Used advanced software programs and helped to maintain strong communication among colleagues. Maintained the office schedule and prioritized tasks. Effectively used my management skills to complete all front desk operations in a timely manner. 

  * November 2016 – May 2017
    Assistant Dog Trainer at Gracelane Kennels, Norwalk
      
  Helped dogs to assimilate in their new environments. 
  Maintained a proper environment, conducive to the health and happiness of each and every dog. 
  Cared for each dog, ensuring proper medications and procedures were administered. 
  Prepared new kennels for incoming dogs and thoroughly cleaned vacant kennels. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2017
    University of Washington, Seattle Bachelor of Marketing

    Passionately pursuing a marketing degree, while working to enhance my skill set and industry experience. 
  * September 2013 – June 2017
    Franklin Academy, Bellevue High School Diploma

    
  Earned my high school diploma and graduated at the top of my class. 
  Worked to maintain my Honor Society membership for all four years. 


REFERENCES
  * Jacob Faulkner from Franklin Academy
    jfaulkner@franklin.org
    876-544-3216
  * Anna Hyde from The Harkins Group
    ahyde@harkins.org
    451-278-9982
  * Clemence Klein from University of Washington
    ck@uw.org
    682-543-9898

