Rami Shoula
First Selectman


Passionate First Selectman adept in utilizing excellent leadership skills and innovation to guide town planning and agendas. Experienced in guiding all departments and recommending initiatives for programs and infrastructure needs. Responsibly planned and implemented emergency responses, executive policies, and decisions for the town. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Decision-making Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Economics
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Government
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2016 – May 2020
    First Selectman at Town of Fairfield, Fairfield
      
  Provided guidance to town employees, commissions, and committees. 
  Gracefully handled many issues and implemented appropriate policies when necessary. 
  Coordinated interdepartmental activities. 
  Appropriately responded to public emergencies. 
  Acted as a thoughtful and considerate spokesman for the town. 
  Organized and managed the administration of town offices and departments. 
  Proposed any appropriate amendments to town policies. 



  * June 2011 – June 2016
    Eexecutive Administrative Assistant to First Selectman at Town of Fairfield, Fairfield
      
  Performed general administrative duties in support to the First Selectman. 
  Used considerable judgment and discretion in all decision-making. 
  Supervised the efficient operation of the administrative office.



EDUCATION
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Sacred Heart University, Fairfield Bachelor of Economics 
  * September 2003 – May 2007
    Fairfield Preparatory School, Fairfield High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Regina Atlas from Fairfield Senior Center
    atlas.regina@fairfieldsc.com
    203-435-4566
  * Amy Phillips from Fairfield Youth
    phillips.amy@fairfieldyouth.com
    203-547-7899
  * Dr. Steven Rosenburg from Town of Fairfield Municipal Center
    rosenburg@fairfieldmunicipal.org
    203-549-7789

