Rami Shoula
Entry Level Human Resources


Motivated Human Resources Professional with a drive for serving as a dedicated support specialist and energetic team member. Adept in assisting with the recruitment of employees, as well as the management of existing employees. Experienced in managing employee and community outreach programs, and dedicated to working towards the mission of a company.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills 
  ★★★★☆ Office Technology Systems
  ★★★★☆ Project Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2016 – September 2019
    Entry Level Human Resources Professional at Dakota Relations, New York
      Led the recruitment process with organization and passion. Informed employees on benefits, and managed safety and wellness programs. Brainstormed and initiated programs that impacted the company in positive ways. Handled employee complaints, concerns, and personal matters with confidentiality and professionalism. Aimed to create a motivational company culture where employees remained happy and satisfied. 

  * May 2014 – September 2016
    HR Receptionist at Dakota Relations, New York
      Worked as a receptionist in the HR Department. Handled incoming calls regarding job openings, as well as general inquiries. Assisted with the resume review process and made calls to prospective candidates.Handled a variety of general clerical and administrative work. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2012 – May 2014
    Molloy College, New York Associate of Public Relations
  * September 2008 – June 2012
    Dover High School, Dover High School Diploma

COURSES
  * June 2014
    Strategic Human Resources Management, Babson College 

REFERENCES
  * James Doohan from Molloy College
    jdoohan@molloy.edu
    212-338-4709
  * Regina DeSisto from Dakota Relations
    desisto.r@dakotarelations.org
    212-993-3921
  * Leslie Becer from Dakota Relations
    becer.leslie@daktoarelations.org
    917-336-3921

