Rami Shoula
Volunteer Firefighter


Dedicated volunteer firefighter committed to protecting and serving the community, as well as supporting team members. Adept in all firefighting, EMT and fire-prevention duties with an expansive breadth of volunteer firefighting experience and a passion for helping others.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ French
  ★★★★☆ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Teamwork
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work Under Pressure
  ★★★★★ Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ First Aid/CPR
  ★★★★★ Fire Prevention

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2017 – Present
    Volunteer Firefighter at Tallahassee Fire Station #3, Tallahassee
      
  Assisted with search-and-rescue operations at emergency scenes. 
  Properly assessed building conditions for fire or accident potential.
  Performed CPR and first aid procedures for fire and accident victims.
  Trained 20+ recruits in all department policies and procedures.
  Ensured the efficient operation of equipment by completing preventive maintenance requirements. 
  Tested hydrants and expedited and verified repairs. 
  Minimized fire damage by responding to alarms and carrying out the correct procedures and protocols. 


  * January 2010 – December 2016
    Volunteer Firefighter at Leon County Fire Station # 11, Centerville
      
  Worked to prevent fire damage by conducting inspections for hazards and enforcing codes.
  Helped to minimize fire damage by promptly responding to alarms and calls. 
  Maintained advanced technical knowledge by attending workshops and classes as needed. 
  Efficiently utilized all firefighting tools for every type of fire and emergency situation.


  * September 2007 – Present
    Athletic Director at Tallahassee Episcopal School, Tallahassee
      
  Continually worked to provide exceptional administrative leadership in the planning, implementation and coordination of interscholastic athletic programs for the school. 
  Worked collaboratively to lead and mentor members of the coaching staff. 
  Communicated effectively with parents, community members and colleagues. 



EDUCATION
  * June 2008 – April 2009
    Central Florida Fire Academy, Oak Ridge Florida Firefighter Certificate
  * September 2005 – May 2007
    University of Florida, Gainesville Bachelor of Science in Sports Management

