Rami Shoula
Manager


Experienced and self-motivated Business Manager bringing forth valuable industry experience and a passion for working toward company advancement. Results-oriented with a proven track record of working collaboratively with team members to achieve goals. Adept in managing staff, maintenance, vendors, and a multitude of business operations. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Innovative Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Industry Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Business Process Management
  ★★★★★ Business Development Strategies
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2014 – June 2021
    Business Manager at Oradell , White Plains
      
  Served as a successful leader, promoting and achieving company success. 
  Identified and maximized sales opportunities, and increased customer retention rates. 
  Successfully handled the planning of visual merchandising, and worked to promote a unified company vision. 
  Led recruitment efforts and trained new employees. 
  Oversaw the rhythm of business and worked to ensure smooth and orderly processes. 
  Effectively managed the relationship between budget and resources, leading to profitable outcomes. 


  * September 2012 – September 2014
    Assistant Manager at Benson Computers, White Plains
      
  Provided optimal assistance to the General Manager while spearheading important tasks. 
  Managed the recruitment and training of new employees, while also monitoring the productivity of current employees. 
  Assisted with the development and design of company introduction materials. 
  Coordinated client visits and key account calls. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2001 – June 2005
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Business Administration
  * September 1997 – May 2001
    New Rochelle High School, New Rochelle High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Jane Linney from Oradell
    jlinney@oradellny.org
    914-982-2811
  * Jack McDowe from Benson Computers
    jmdowe@bensoncomp.org
    914-547-3712
  * Lindsey Friar from Benson Computers
    lfriar@bensoncomp.org
    914-212-5244

