Rami Shoula
Structural 


Experienced and Dynamic Structural Engineer with a proven track record of ensuring that structures are architecturally safe and compliant with codes. Familiar with the construction management process, and adept in advising clients regarding the proper materials and layout during the building process. Experienced in providing services for both residential and commercial projects, and adept in communicating recommendations and concerns clearly and effectively. Committed to identifying issues and achieving solutions to increase safety, functionality, and aesthetics. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Critical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Structural Analysis
  ★★★★★ Decision Making Skills
  ★★★★★ Risk Analysis
  ★★★★★ Reliability Analysis
  ★★★★★ Construction Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2016 – October 2019
    Structural Engineer  at TR Building Associates, Seattle
      
  Provided structural evaluations and design services for hundreds of homes in the Seattle area. 
  Consulted with architects and clients to ensure the proper materials and layouts were being implemented to achieve safety, functionality, efficiency, and beauty.  
  Performed structural stability calculations and sketched support drawings prior to construction. 
  Successfully drafted plans for complex reinforcement structures.  
  Worked with contractors to address deficiencies and design plans to rectify them.   


  * July 2012 – January 2016
    Structural Engineer at Rosenblum Engineering, Bellevue
      
  Evaluated and designed residential infrastructures with applied engineering principles. 
  Planned construction of new facilities as well as changes to existing facilities. 
  Surveyed and documented distress of facilities and structures, and offered real solutions. 
  Conducted on-site observations of construction in progress and produced site visit reports. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2012
    Boston University, Boston Master of Civil Engineering
  * September 2006 – June 2010
    Boston College, Boston Bachelor of Structural Engineering

REFERENCES
  * Cliff Hodinsky from Hodinsky Management
    chodinsky@hodmanages.org
    206-876-5478
  * Manuel Rosario from TR Building Associates
    manuel@trbuildingwa.com
    206-225-2121
  * Karen Filmore from Rosenblum Engineering
    filmorek@rosengineer.com
    425-334-5432

