Rami Shoula
Senior Business Analyst


Experienced and passionate Business Analyst with over eight years of experience evaluating and improving business systems for well known organizations. Dedicated team leader with the ability to effectively manage and achieve project goals, leveraging my complex understanding of systems engineering concepts. Bringing forth a proven track record of effectively researching and analyzing business processes and procedures and designing and implementing business solutions.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Management
  ★★★★★ Communication
  ★★★★★ Strategic Planning
  ★★★★★ Leadership
  ★★★★★ Self Starter

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2015 – August 2019
    Senior Business Analyst at Columbia University, New York
      Managed 10 person team of business process consultants. Redesigned and implemented user documentation for system training within the University. Lead process-improvement focus groups as part of the University initiative to achieve functional design within it's user systems. Guide efforts to improve technology systems in a real and cost effective way. Work tirelessly to improve the overall performance of the University by assessing billing, workflow, and customer relationship management and productivity. 

  * September 2012 – September 2015
    Business Analyst at Citigroup, Dallas
      Lead and conducted in depth analysis of business performance versus business goals. Managed the reporting of business intelligence efforts and all relations to Citi Private Bank’s Global Managed Investments (GMI) group. Oversaw design, regulation, and daily management of principal projects. Managed and supported business risk and worked to develop and implement strategic solutions. Reported all necessary information to the Chief Operating Officer for Citi Private Bank’s Global Managed Investments (GMI) group, and worked closely with her to achieve and maintain goals. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2011 – August 2013
    Fairfield University, Fairfield Master of Business Administration 

    Graduated summa cum laude. President of the Business for a Better Tomorrow Society
  * August 2007 – May 2011
    Villanova University, Villanova Bachelor of Finance

    President of the Business and Leadership Society. Vice President of Business Without Borders. Graduated magna cum laude. 

REFERENCES
  * John Campini from Villanova University
    jcampini@vill.edu
    782-989-1572
  * Rose Asterno from Citigroup
    rasterno@citi.org
    817-365-9898
  * Ellen Payne from Columbia University
    epayne@columbia.org
    212-622-1717

