Rami Shoula
IT Manager


Experienced and professional IT Manager with over eight years of valuable experience in monitoring project performance to ensure company success. Familiar and adept in working with engineering, industrial engineering, change management, and business transformation systems. Reputation for continually achieving on time and under-budget performance goals. Accustomed to handling IT support, managing IT projects, and supporting various engineering departments with IT tools and applications. Bringing forth a motivated attitude and the ability to establish strong and productive relationships with other company members. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Project Management
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Web and Mobile Design
  ★★★★★ IT Project Management
  ★★★★★  Information Technology Training Skills
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2013 – September 2019
    IT Manager at Phylo Biometrics Inc. , New York
      Created business requirements and technical and quality assurance specifications. Established and educated others on controls and protocols for projects.Increased customer satisfaction by creating solutions for product enhancement. Increased Team productivity by 40% and monitored procedures and documentation for further productivity. 

  * September 2010 – September 2013
    IT Manager at Equal Inc., New York
      Increased revenue by $6M, by implementing integration IT projects and meeting aggressive budget constraints.Managed all documentation and drafted weekly project communication reports, which were presented at meetings. Created and lead teams across multiple departments to ensure forecasted objectives were met and overall desired outcomes achieved. Spoke daily with customer personnel ensuring that contract protocols were satisfied.


EDUCATION
  * August 2010 – May 2012
    New York University, New York Master of Computer Science

    Graduated with a 4.0 GPA.
  * August 2006 – May 2010
    Rhodes College, Memphis Bachelor of Computer Science

    Graduated summa cum laude. 

REFERENCES
  * Harold Greeley from Phylo Biometrics Inc. 
    harold@biometricsinc.org
    212-983-3930
  * Jeanne Ringwold from Phylo Biometrics Inc. 
    jeanne@biometricsinc.org
    212-928-0023
  * Carlo Espezelda from Equal Inc. 
    carlo@equalinc.com
    212-374-8827

