Rami Shoula
Ikea Cashier


Driven and experienced customer service professional, bringing forth a commitment to friendly, safe and efficient work. Experienced in working to achieve customer satisfaction and loyalty. Adept in multitasking and working to complete jobs in an efficient and timely manner. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Polish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Customer Service
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Adaptability
  ★★★★★ Ability to Multitask
  ★★★★★ Fast Learner
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2018 – March 2021
    Cashier at Target, Brooklyn
      
  Provided efficient and accurate check-out experiences for customers. 
  Helped customers to pack items and load them into their cars. 
  Effectively resolved customer questions and concerns. 
  Remained professional and courteous at all times. 
  Followed directives and adhered to company protocols. 
  Worked as an enthusiastic and productive team member. 
  Helped to build store loyalty by helping to ensure the ultimate customer experience. 


  * May 2016 – May 2018
    Cashier at Engleman's, Brooklyn
      
  Served as an efficient and trustworthy cashier at this busy grocer. 
  Ensured that customers had a pleasant and accurate check-out experience. 
  Remained punctual and available for extra shifts when needed. 
  Brought forth independent working skills, as well as a strong team spirit. 
  Helped to stock shelves and handle other miscellaneous tasks when time allowed. 
  Utilized excellent mathematical skills to ensure accurate totals at checkout. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – May 2016
    Midwood High School, Brooklyn High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Joy Anderson from Target
    andrs_nnjoy@targetny.com
    718-546-7878
  * Michael Jones from Target
    mic_hsj@targetny.com
    718-546-3232
  * Jeanette Ivers from Engleman's
    ivers_je_@englemans.org
    718-622-2121

