Rami Shoula
Art Gallery Manager


Experienced and dedicated Art Gallery Manager with several years of experience effectively managing galleries and overseeing their day to day operations. Bringing forth a lifelong passion for art and creative expression. Adept in networking with artists, planning exhibitions, and organizing social and promotional events. Delivering unwavering leadership, organization, and valuable analytical thinking skills necessary to run a successful gallery. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Networking Skills
  ★★★★★ Fine Art Knowledge

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2013 – September 2019
    Art Gallery Manager at Little Silver Gallery, Seattle
      Worked to promote the gallery via social media platforms and community outreach platforms. Handled the hiring and managing of staff, payroll, and budgets. Developed thoughtful exhibition plans in congruence with the gallery mission and theme. Worked to constantly network with new clients and maintain relations with former clients. Educated visitors about gallery works and sold pieces totaling more than 500k.Helped  with the installation of exhibitions from conception to physical configuration. Managed the gallery website and blog. 

  * April 2009 – December 2012
    Art Gallery Manager at Kai Kayne Gallery, Seattle
      Handled all curatorial functions on a day to day basis. Greeted and assisted visitors and conducted outreach practices to attract new visitors. Handled all gallery inquiries and aimed to educate the public on the happenings at the gallery. Created and distributed detailed exhibition catalogues. Worked to maintain a clean and inviting gallery excellent atmosphere at all times. Created powerful sale strategies resulting in an increase of sales. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Cornish College of the Arts, Seattle Bachelor of Fine Art
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Xavier High School, Seattle High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Connor Doria from Little Silvery Gallery
    connordoria@littlesilver.org
    206-955-9213
  * Ellen Dane from Cornish College of the Arts
    edane@cornishcollege.edu
    206-432-2172
  * Kai Kayne from Kai Kayne Gallery
    kai@kaikayneart.com
    206-433-8273

