Rami Shoula
Plumber


Versatile and experienced Plumber with a dedication to excellent work and customer satisfaction. Adept in servicing, installing, and maintaining plumbing systems. Skilled in reading blueprints and analyzing building codes prior to planning procedures. Experienced in installing and repairing residential and commercial sewer and septic systems. Committed to pleasing the customer and adhering to safety guidelines at all times. Bringing forth a proven track record full of the successful completion of many plumbing projects, both small and large scale. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Italian
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Safety and Sanitation
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Water Supply Systems
  ★★★★★ Diagnostics and Repairs
  ★★★★★ Pipe Fitting
  ★★★★★ Installation of New Systems
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2015 – August 2019
    Plumber at Harrison & Co. Plumbing, New York
      Installed, repaired, and maintained domestic water systems in 50+ residences. Diagnosed and found the cause of problems before making a plan of action. Properly identified problems, made repairs, and replaced parts. Performed preventative maintenance and advised customers on proper care. Responded to emergencies during and after work hours. 

  * July 2003 – July 2015
    Plumber at Martinez Plumbing, Albany
      Worked to install and maintain the plumbing system in a 40 story skyscraper. Followed standard precautions at all times to ensure safety and success. Worked and communicated with other professionals during construction. Conducted service inspections and tested systems to ensure normal function.


EDUCATION
  * July 2002 – June 2003
    Apex Technical School, Long Island City Plumbing
  * August 2000 – May 2002
    State University of New York at Albany, Albany Associate of Communications

REFERENCES
  * Ralph Harrison from Harrison & Co. PLumbing
    ralph@harrisonco.org
    212-337-7443
  * Diane Martinez from Martinez Plumbing
    martinez.diane@martinezplm.com
    212-989-4122
  * Rodrigo Espinoza from Martinez Plumbing
    espinoz.r@martinezplm.com
    212-778-3213

