Rami Shoula
Fashion Buyer


Knowledgeable Fashion Buyer with a motivated attitude and an exceptional understanding of the Fashion Industry at large. Experienced in researching, evaluating, and buying clothes and accessories in accordance with the mission of a brand. Offering strong decision-making skills and the ability to work effectively with vendors and other creative professionals. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Decision Making Skills
  ★★★★★ Fashion Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Negotiating Skills
  ★★★★★ Brand Development
  ★★★★★ Business Strategy

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2016 – September 2019
    Fashion Buyer at JR Designs, Seattle
      
  Researched, evaluated, and purchased promising clothing and accessories. 
  Collaborated with marketing professionals and creative directors to ensure the brand and mission of the company was honored. 
  Coordinated with vendors and gained access to view new items prior to launch. 
  Strategized seasonal and specialty lines and gathered items to fill them.
  Maintained record of product performance to determine future purchases. 


  * May 2013 – February 2016
    Junior Fashion Buyer at JR Designs, Seattle 
      
  Assisted Senior Buyer with all assigned duties related to the cultivation of new clothing and accessory lines. 
  Confirmed purchase orders and made and documented shipping arrangements. 
  Worked to understand the desires and needs of customers.
  Collaborated with the rest of the Buying Team to ensure ultimate productivity and winning purchases. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Marketing
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Ballard High School, Ballard High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Donna Mauriello from Hunter College
    dmauriello@hunternyc.edu
    212-434-5677
  * Hans Friedlech from JR Designs
    friedlech@jrsdesigns.com
    206-545-6788
  * Mitchell Santiago from JR Designs
    msantiago@jrdesigns.com
    206-443-7878

