Rami Shoula
Chief Happiness Officer


Passionate and dedicated Chief Happiness Officer committed to fostering a happy, healthy, and active workforce. Experienced in overseeing HR and internal communications within organizations, leading to higher levels of employee satisfaction and engagement. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Mental Health Assessments
  ★★★★★ Human Resource Management
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Creative Thinking
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Project Management
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2019 – July 2021
    Chief Happiness Officer at Desmond Relations, Seattle
      
  Served as a supportive and motivating force for all employees. 
  Distributed and collected employee surveys to measure happiness, stability, and productivity. 
  Worked to ensure employees felt a sense of personal fulfillment, directly affecting the chances of company growth. 
  Led company initiatives to empower employees and helped to build a company culture which did so as well. 
  Designed and led team-building activities aimed at keeping the company morale high. 
  Worked to reduce workplace stress and foster professional development. 
  Acted as a positive liaison between management and employees. 


  * January 2017 – May 2019
    Human Resources Assistant at Seattle Central College, Seattle
      
  Worked to support the Human Resources Department, HR Programs, and recruitment efforts. 
  Supported all internal and external HR inquiries and requests. 
  Conducted New Employee Orientations and Benefits Orientations. 
  Served as an enthusiastic and adaptable team player. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2013 – May 2017
    Seattle Central College, Seattle Bachelor of Arts in Communication
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    West Seattle High School, Seattle High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Ah Lam Lee from Desmond Relations
    lee_ahlam@desrelations.com
    206-657-7699
  * Joan Rice  from Personal Journey LLC 
    rice_joan@pjllc.org
    206-543-1777
  * Emmanuel Jean from Seattle Central College
    jea_emmanuel@secc.edu
    206-432-2311

CERTIFICATES
  * Happiness Coach Certification, Seattle, April 2019
