Rami Shoula
Catering Director


Experienced and passionate Catering Director adept in planning and managing overall catering functions for both small and large-scale events. 10 years of operational experience in a variety of both non-commercial and commercial catering/banquet settings. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish; Castilian
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★  Fundamentals of Classical and Contemporary Cuisine 
  ★★★★★ Catering and Event Planning
  ★★★★★ Agile Project Management
  ★★★★★ Effective Communication
  ★★★★★ Food Safety
  ★★★★★ Ability to Multitask

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2018 – December 2021
    Senior Catering Director at Sally's Saturdays, Portland
      
  Developed and executed catering strategies to meet customer needs. 
  Facilitated the delivery and set-up of prepared food in a timely and food-safe manner. 
  Effectively managed the catering team to ensure optimal quality in final presentation of food. 
  Trained and managed employees to ensure extensive knowledge of food menus and offerings. 
  Monitored team performance and provided regular feedback. 
  Developed and maintained effective client and customer rapport. 
  Managed marketing, business, and strategic short and long term plans. 


  * September 2014 – June 2018
    Catering Director at Happy Group, Oregon
      
  Handled all catering and event plans for our corporate dining conference center. 
  Effectively managed a team of staff to ensure the ultimate dining experience for guests. 
  Coordinated and oversaw internal and external catering events. 
  Hired, trained, and scheduled catering staff. 
  Worked to ensure successful operations of catering functions including labor cost control, foods cost control, food preparation, transportation, setup, and cleanup of all events. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2012 – May 2014
    Oregon Coast Culinary Institute, Brookings, OR Associate of Applied Science (AAS) Culinary Arts
  * September 2010 – May 2012
    Oregon State University, Bend, Oregon Associate of Arts in Hospitality Management

