Rami Shoula
Human Resources Assistant


An experienced and dedicated Human Resources Assistant with in-depth knowledge of administrative processes and managing successful relationships with employees. Ability to maintain an organized employee database by collecting records, and carefully organizing paperwork associated with existing and future employees. Adept in handling personnel related issues, and adhering to laws and regulations governing recruitment and employment practices. Bringing forth a positive attitude and strong work ethic.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Highly Organized
  ★★★★★ Office Programs
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Employment Legislation

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2015 – September 2019
    Human Resources Assistant at McDougal & Fahey Law Offices, New York
      Assisted with the development and dispersion of the HR employee manual. Enhanced electronic filing methods to be more cohesive and effective.Reviewed and assessed resumes sent in by job applicants. Collaborated with the head of HR to meet and exceed all initiatives.Ensured that all company HR procedures and guidelines are followed.

  * October 2013 – September 2015
    Front Desk Associate at Henry Gates Public Relations, New York
      Served as a friendly liaison between clients and publicists.Successfully handled all clerical and administrative duties including answering phones, recording and relaying messages, and providing callers and walk-ins with information  about the company. Used discretion to protect the privacy of clients. 

  * August 2012 – September 2013
    Personal Assistant at The Corcoran Group, New York
      Served as a hardworking and effective Personal Assistant to one of New York's top commercial realtors. Interviewed clients, collected information, and briefed realtors on the needs and situations of prospective clients. Devised and maintained productive office systems and worked to find solutions for any issues. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – August 2013
    Fordham University, Bronx Bachelor of Communications and Film Studies
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    St. Francis Preparatory School, Queens High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Diana Olsen from McDougal & Fahey Law Offices
    dolsen@mcdougal.com
    212-354-0909
  * Laura Harris from Henry Gates Public Relations
    laura@hgates.com
    212-522-2718
  * Ron Haymen from Fordham University
    haymen@fordham.edu
    718-777-4456

