Rami Shoula
Elementary School Teacher


Experienced and certified Elementary School Teacher with over 5 years of experience teaching in diverse elementary classroom settings. Effective communicator proficient in developing and delivering lesson plans that emphasize Common Core Standards, and positive results. Adept in using differentiated curriculum to address the various learning styles and needs of students, while ensuring information retainment. Bringing forth excellent classroom management techniques, conducive to creating an environment best suited for learning and growing.  Cooperative faculty member who productively collaborates with all levels of school staff, as well as with the families of students. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Curriculum and Instruction
  ★★★★★ Lesson Plans
  ★★★★★ Modified Teaching Techniques
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2013 – June 2019
    Kindergarten Teacher at The Hill School, San Francisco
      Created a comprehensive and well-rounded curriculum for Kindergarten students. Facilitated meaningful learning experiences on a daily basis. Engaged students by using points of interest and topics they are familiar with. Differentiated curriculum to meet the needs of diverse learners. Established and shared classroom rules to ensure everyone's safety and happiness. Communicated classroom news with parents/family members via a weekly newsletter. 

  * September 2010 – June 2013
    3rd Grade Teacher at St. Ann's School, San Francisco
      Created a comprehensive and stimulating curriculum appropriate for the goals of 3rd grade students. Worked to create a warm and welcoming classroom environment, conducive to learning. Collaborated with teachers and other school staff to best support the needs of students. Communicated with parents and family members of students in a positive and constructive way. Used progressive and positive re-enforcement techniques to motivate and support students. Fostered positive relationships with students and encouraged them every step of the way. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – January 2011
    Ashford University, San Diego Master of Science in Teaching

    Graduated with a 4.0 GPA
  * August 2005 – June 2009
    University of Texas, Austin Bachelor of Literature

    Graduated Summa Cum Laude

REFERENCES
  * Sally Ruhouse from St. Ann's School
    sruhouse@stanns.edu
    415-290-2928
  * John Hackens from Ashford University
    hackens@ashfordu.edu
    618-327-3847
  * Linda McNeal from The Hill School
    mlinda@hillschool.org
    415-293-8221

