Rami Shoula
Bookkeeper


Knowledgeable and experienced Bookkeeper with extensive knowledge handling and documenting financial transactions according to policies and preferred procedures. Experienced in maintaining accounts, processing accounts payable and receivable, managing invoices, and delegating payroll. Bringing forth excellent customer service skills, strong organizational skills, and the ability to communicate well with others. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Technological Skills
  ★★★★★ Bookkeeping Software
  ★★★★★ Data Entry Skills
  ★★★★★ Accounting Skills
  ★★★★★ Team Leadership Skills 
  ★★★★★ Market Assessment Skills 
  ★★★★★ Superior Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2016 – September 2019
    Bookkeeper at Schwartz & Associates, Austin
      Processed payment and assisted with all financial transactions. Prepared payroll and direct deposit accounts. Maintained books including bank statements, transactions, and all receipts. Helped to manage and resolve billing disputes and collections. Prepared Federal, City, and State tax returns. Worked with Accountant at the end of the year to provide information and ensure accuracy. 

  * August 2013 – June 2016
    Bookkeeper at Brookfield Medical Center, Brookfield
      Documented weekly and monthly payrolls and prepared tax documents. Processed accounts payable and accounts receivable.Organized and computed payroll data for employees. Utilized a new Excel financial recording system to increase efficiency and accuracy. Communicated with customers to resolve outstanding payments and develop payment plans. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    Baylor University, Waco Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Bridge City High School, Bridge City High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Jamie Wilkins from Brookfield Medical Center
    wilkins@brookfieldmed.com
    830-554-6789
  * Sara DiStefano from Brookfield Medical Center
    sara.di@brookfieldmed.com
    830-554-2381
  * Dr. Colby Schwartz from Schwartz & Associates
    cschwartz@schwartzandco.org
    512-559-0987

