Rami Shoula
National Sales Controller


Highly effective and dedicated Sales Controller adept in guiding management decisions in the sales and operations planning.  Experienced in developing annual strategic and financial business plans, as a result of working closely with management teams. Bringing forth several years of valuable industry experience, combined with a passion for helping companies to maintain an adequate system of accounting records. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Financial Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Team Leadership Skills
  ★★★★★ Sales Strategies 
  ★★★★★ Strong Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Innovative Problem Solving

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2012 – September 2019
    National Sales Controller at IBM, New York
      Effectively led day-to-day operations of the finance department. Handled budget development and analysis. Managed accounting for investments and accounts payable and receivable. Collaborated with a variety of internal departments, including the CEO, CFO, and program controllers. Worked to identify new opportunities to improve company efficiencies. Leveraged new information technology and sought to establish highly effective standard operating procedures. 

  * April 2006 – April 2012
    Controller at Davis Personnel Group, Philadelphia
      Worked with the Human Resource and Finance Teams to help oversee all financial programs and progress. Reported to the Vice President of Finance and Operations, providing them with accurate and timely financial reports. Assisted in the development of internal controls and policies to ensure compliance with legislation. Validated employee Bonuses and Sales Commission data.Assisted the finance department with internal and year-end financial audits and closing activities.Worked to resolve any accounting discrepancies in a timely manner. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2004 – May 2006
    Villanova University, Villanova Master of Accountancy
  * August 2000 – May 2004
    St. Joseph's College, Villanova Bachelor of Economics

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Angelo Lopez from Villanova University
    anlopez@villanova.edu
    609-887-3748
  * Dr. Sofia Rosenthal from Davis Personnel Group
    srosenthal@davisgroup.org
    609-384-3892
  * Lauren McGee from IBM
    lmvp@ibm.org
    212-334-7738

