Rami Shoula
Government Employee


Experienced Customs and Border Protection Officer seeking to utilize my skills and experience for the betterment of the greater good. Committed to implementing best practices and procedures to detect and prevent terrorists and harmful objects from entering or exiting the United States. Bringing forth an excellent work ethic and a dedication to honesty, good will, and integrity. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of ABI & ACE Programs 
  ★★★★★ Technical Knowledge of Customs Regulations
  ★★★★★ Strong Decision Making Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Systems knowledge in MS Office, ACS, PDM, PLM, Island Pacific 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2018 – September 2021
    Customs and Border Protection Officer at Laguardia Airport, New York
      
  Worked as a productive and reliable member of Homeland Security professionals. 
  Appropriately responded to and resolved questions and uncertainties related to persons, events, or items. 
  Carefully investigated travelers, bags, and cargo. 
  Utilized excellent decision making skills and great attention to detail to ensure the highest levels of safety. 
  Upheld all laws governing imported and exported goods. 


  * May 2014 – March 2018
    Customs Entry Processor at Laguardia Airport, New York
      
  Validated and processed commercial documentation for presentation of entry release request to US Customs and Border Protection. 
  Carefully reviewed the contents of documents to ensure there is no missing information that is required. 
  Accurately determined suggested Tariff Treatment. 
  Identified the proper classification codes for imported goods. 
  Worked to make sure urgent files were processed with speed and accuracy. 
  Thoroughly performed analysis of customs entry data as required. 
  Assisted Compliance Director with all customs compliance issues as needed. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – May 2014
    St. John's University, New York Associate of Science in Criminal Justice

    
  Magna Cum Laude


