Rami Shoula
Truck Driver


Experienced and reliable Truck Driver with a history of safe driving and timely deliveries. Adept at map navigation and following driving safety guidelines and company protocol. Possess a respect for the road and other drivers, which is apparent in careful driving skills. Proven track record of cultivating positive relationships with clients, making successful uninterrupted trips and deliveries, and issuing proper maintenance and care for vehicles. A good working knowledge of DOT regulations. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Safety Minded
  ★★★★★ Clean Driving Record
  ★★★★★ Defensive Driving
  ★★★★★ Punctual
  ★★★★★ Cargo Handling

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2013 – August 2019
    Truck Driver at Oriander Trucking Corp. , Albany
      Maintained meticulous logs of materials transported. Used moving blankets and other barriers when transporting fragile items. Served as a liaison between the warehouse and clients. Provided clients with top of the line customer service. Established strong working relationships leading to higher rates of return customers. Tried to remain on schedule at all times. Planned routes and alternate routes in preparation for any traffic changes.Performed routine maintenance checks on vehicles to avoid problems. Went to work well rested and prepared to drive. Showed an excellent sense of direction and rarely became disoriented on the road. 

  * November 2008 – November 2012
    Trucker Driver at Pinnacle Trucking, White Plains
      Accurately tracked and updated all deliveries. Carefully followed a schedule to ensure timely deliveries and pick-ups. Followed all traffic laws and company procedures. Practiced safe driving and defensive driving techniques. Reported delays or travel disturbances to my client and my supervisor. Carefully secured all materials for transport to prevent damages. Files incident reports if materials became compromised in any way. Ran an average of 13 routes per day. Worked well with other drivers and staff personnel. Served as a friendly, hardworking, and punctual employee. 


EDUCATION
  * May 2008 – August 2008
    Duchess School of Driving, Hopewell Junction Class A Tractor/Trailer Operator Program
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Blackwater High School, Blackwater High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Larry Cooke from Pinnacle Trucking
    larry@pinnaclet.com
    914-893-3847
  * Jane Forrester from Oriander Trucking Corp.
    jfdrives@oriandercorp.com
    914-283-2828
  * Kyle Black from Oriander Trucking Corp.
    kyle@oriandercorp.com
    914-347-7744

