Rami Shoula
Sales Associate


Enthusiastic and reliable Sales Associate, dedicated to providing excellent customer service with a smile. Organized, detail oriented, and experienced in properly handling customer inquiries and transactions. Dedicated to increasing sales by providing the ultimate customer experience. Several years of experience in various retail settings with a proven track record of job success. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Organization
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication
  ★★★★★ Customer Service
  ★★★★★ Advanced Math

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2016 – September 2019
    Sales Associate at Viola's Flowers and Gifts, Seattle
      Put forth excellent customer service efforts at all times. Recorded and processed all flower orders in an organized and accurate manner. Provided relevant information and suggestions regarding floral arrangements and purchases. Ensured proper delivery times for all events and coordinated travel for deliveries. Answered phones, relayed important messages, and served as a general liaison between the florist and customers. 

  * December 2015 – March 2016
    Sales Associate at Nordstrom, Seattle
      Greeted customers with a smile and encouraged feedback pertaining to their shopping experience. Handled all merchandise with care and packed customer bags neatly. Settled customer disputes in a professional and pleasant manner. Maintained up to date knowledge of all retail promotions. Prevented long waits by quickly and carefully ringing up items, adding to the hassle-free experience of the customer. Mentored junior cashiers and new employees. Took on extra shifts based on the needs of the store. Remained punctual and professional at all times. 

  * May 2013 – April 2014
    Inventory Monitor at Wal-mart , Hartford
      Carefully and accurately monitored and recorded all refrigerated items ready for stocking. Delivered inventory reports to my supervisor in a timely fashion each and every week. Coordinated and scheduled deliveries based on sales and future needs. Worked well with other employees to ensure proper running of the inventory department. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2015 – May 2017
    Westchester Community College, Valhalla Associate in Business Administration
  * September 2011 – June 2015
    Norwell High School, Norwell High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * August 2014 – April 2015
    Receptionist at Phil Sampson Dentistry, Bellevue

    Answered phones and recorded messages. Greeted clients with care and informed them of protocols for their visit. Performed basic front desk duties. Worked well with other employees to add to a productive environment. 

REFERENCES
  * Evan Rightworth from Wal-mart
    erightworth@walmart.com
    314-999-4538
  * Lydia Cooke from Viola's Flowers and Gifts
    lcooke@violas.com
    712-743-2827

