Rami Shoula
Network Engineer


Experienced and innovative Network Engineer seeking to become an integral part of a company. Adept in the thoughtful and practical design and implementation of computer and information networks. Committed to working collaboratively with other team members to ensure the smooth running of all networking technology.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * Project Portfolio: www.anthonymarksne.com

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Cisco Networking
  ★★★★★ Hardware Install and Support
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ CCNA level knowledge of LAN switching
  ★★★★★ Advanced Analytical Thinking Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2017 – July 2021
    Network Engineer at Easy Solutions Systems, San Diego
      
  Effectively managed the design and installation of all system networks. 
  Tested, documented, and maintained all network components. 
  Performed life cycle upgrades of network infrastructure. 
  Researched and troubleshooted any network performance issues and worked to resolve them immediately. 
  Maintained an inventory of networking equipment and supplies. 
  Worked as a thoughtful and cooperative team member. 


  * August 2014 – July 2017
    Junior Network Engineer at Raymont Technologies, Los Angeles
      
  Managed the daily activities of local and wide area network systems. 
  Installed and tested network servers. 
  Assisted the Senior Network Engineers with developing and monitoring network security procedures for all networking systems. 
  Managed and coordinated the installation of new data services. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2014
    Loyola Marymount University, East Los Angeles Bachelor of Computer Science
  * September 2006 – June 2010
    Los Angeles High School, Los Angeles High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Ralph Peters from Easy Solutions Systems
    peters_rlph6@easysolutions.org
    619-234-4388
  * Miranda Wilcox from Solution Partners LLC
    wilcox_miranda@spllc.org
    619-546-9900
  * Miguel Valasquez from Raymont Technologies
    valassquezm@raymontech.com
    213-234-2121

