Rami Shoula
Bartender


Experienced Bartender with extraordinary customer service skills and a motivated attitude. Knowledgeable about drink combinations and committed to serving with a smile. Adept at maintaining a clean and organized bar area, and dedicated to providing customers with a warm and welcoming environment. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Strong Memory Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Flavor Combinations
  ★★★★★ Bar Terminology
  ★★★★★ Motivated Attitude

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2013 – September 2019
    Bartender at The West End , New York
      Greeted guests with a friendly and helpful attitude at all times. Provided guests with drink suggestions and knowledge.Became well acquainted with countless drink recipes and mixing techniques. Maintained a clean and orderly bar. Handled difficult and inappropriate customers with grace and professionalism. Worked well with other bar and restaurant staff. 

  * July 2011 – April 2013
    Bartender at Medicci's, New York
      Served as a hospitable and fast-working bartender in one of the city's most high-end restaurants. Provided bar patrons with optimal customer service. Carried on friendly conversations with patrons and answered any questions or concerns to the best of my ability. Worked in a collaborative manner with other restaurant employees to ensure outstanding customer experiences. 

  * August 2009 – June 2011
    Server and Bar Back at The White Cat, New York
      Waited on tables, taking food and drink orders in this high traffic pub. Memorized orders and aimed to provide fast and quality service to all visitors. Acted as a support to the bartender by creating drinks, and helping to maintain and stock the bar when necessary. 


EDUCATION
  * January 2010 – May 2012
    Hunter College, New York Associate of Culinary Arts
  * September 2005 – June 2009
    Cathedral High School, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Gina Figueroa from The White Cat
    Ginafigueroa@gmail.com
    212-338-2988
  * Daniel Smith from Medicci's
    smith.daniel@yahoo.com
    212-764-4832
  * Rachel Cantessa from The West End
    cantessa@westendnyc.org
    212-382-4537

