Rami Shoula
Financial Advisor


Experienced and driven Financial Advisor with over five years of experience providing clients with optimal assistance with retirement planning, estate planning, investment advice, tax strategies, and overall support managing their finances. Proven track record of competitive market share expansion and assisting corporations in reaching goals. Driven and detail-oriented with the ability to thrive in high pressure environments. Adept at developing key relationships and furthering business development.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Market Growth & Expansion
  ★★★★★ Relationship Building
  ★★★★★ Market Analysis
  ★★★★★ Portfolio Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2013 – September 2019
    Financial Advisor at Goldman Sachs, New York
      Developed and implemented new and improved financial policies based on extensive research findings. Fostered successful relationships with 250+ clients, providing them with top of the line financial advisement. Advised a total of $40 million in assets. Mentored and trained new team members and worked collaboratively with existing members. 

  * August 2008 – August 2013
    Financial Advisor at Bank of America, New York
      Increased client satisfaction rating by 8% in my first year. Presented financial planning seminars to existing and prospective clients. Discovered undervalued investments and identified long term sustainable growth. Provided high quality investment guidance to clients based on their needs, goals, and lifestyle. Contributed to a productive and happy work environment, dedicated to the satisfaction of the client. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – August 2010
    Columbia University, New York Master of Finance

    Graduated with High Honors. 
  * August 2004 – May 2008
    Fordham University, New York Bachelor of Finance and Economics

    Graduated suma cum laude.

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2007 – April 2008
    Accounting Intern at Bank of America, New York

    Assisted with financial reports and administrative tasks. 

REFERENCES
  * Brian Anderson from Bank of America
    banderson@boa.com
    212-777-4372
  * Louise Nelsen from Goldman Sachs
    lnelsen@goldmansachs.com
    212-552-2039

