Rami Shoula
Tractor Driver 


Experienced Tractor Driver with several years of experience operating tractors and maneuvering heavy machinery for construction purposes. Bringing forth an in-depth knowledge of safe practices, machinery-use guidelines, and preventative maintenance techniques. Offering a clean driving record and a strong work ethic. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills
  ★★★★★ Mechanical and Technical Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Tractor Safety
  ★★★★★ Manual Dexterity
  ★★★★★ Troubleshooting Skills
  ★★★★★ Hand, Foot, and Eye Coordination
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Soil and Materials

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2016 – January 2019
    Tractor Driver at NEP Tractors of America, Des Moines
      
  Operated Farm Tractors efficiently and without accidents. 
  Performed routine maintenance and preventative actions on equipment. 
  Processed on-time deliveries and services. 
  Worked well with other Farm workers to achieve success and meet goals. 
  Operated with safety rules and regulations in mind at all times. 
  Utilized advanced knowledge from workshops and training sessions. 


  * June 2014 – April 2016
    Tractor Driver  at State of Vermont, Montpelier
      
  Assisted in the maintenance of parks, forests, lakes, ponds, playgrounds, campgrounds, swimming pools, golf courses, trails and parkways. 
  Operated heavy power-operated equipment such as backhoes, front-end loaders, and bulldozers. 
  Operated heavy sanitation trucks and snow plows. 
  Mowed grass and maintained recreational spaces, highways, and grounds. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – June 2013
    Stowe High School, Stowe  High School Diploma
  * August 2013 – January 2013
    Vermont Technical College, Randolph Center Tractor Safety

REFERENCES
  * Thomas Fuller from NEP Tractors of America
    fuller@neptractors.org
    515-339-5477
  * Carol DiBiase from Green Mountain National Forest
    dibiase.carol@gmnfoffice.com
    802-399-7689
  * Keller Wright from NEP Tractors of America
    keller@neptractors.org
    802-330-4545


  * CDL License, , March 2013 – Present
