Rami Shoula
Veterinarian


Dedicated and caring veterinarian with over five years of experience working with canines and felines to properly diagnose, treat and support their health. Adept in educating pet owners about proper care and healthy lifestyles, while working collaboratively within a team to ensure the highest level of care.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Diagnostic Skills
  ★★★★★ Effective Treatment Plans
  ★★★★★ Adaptability
  ★★★★★ Strong Communication
  ★★★★★ Advanced Analytical Thinking

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2012 – September 2019
    Veterinarian at Aberdeen Animal Hospital, Aberdeen
      
  Carefully examined and treated all patients appropriately and according to best practices. 
  Conducted thorough diagnostic tests and immunisations. 
  Treated and medicated animals suffering from disease, injury and infection. 
  Carefully monitored the care and progress of patients. 
  Communicated the condition of patients to owners in a clear and concise way. 
  Created detailed recovery plans for patients. 
  Advised owners about home care practices, feeding and immunising their pets. 


  * April 2009 – June 2012
    Veterinary Technician at Riverside Animal Clinic, Aberdeen
      
  Provided optimal technical support for an animal hospital with 80+ appointments daily.
  Assisted veterinarians in exam rooms and handled various technical tasks with professionalism and accuracy. 
  Prepped patients for surgery and assisted in the recovery process as well. 
  Prepared specimens to be shipped off to labs. 
  Filled prescriptions and properly advised owners about recovery and/or lifestyle plans for their pet. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – August 2012
    University of Edinburgh,  Doctor of Veterinary Medicine
  * August 2004 – May 2008
    University of Glasgow,  BSc Biology

INTERNSHIPS
  * June 2008 – April 2009
    Student Externship at Hillside Veterinary Center, Hillside

    Performed various technical duties and served as a source of support in the exam room. 

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Seth Myers from Ohio State University
    myerss@ohiostate.edu
    614-559-8567
  * Dr. Linda Joy from Ohio State University
    joyl@ohiostate.edu
    614-559-8213
  * Dr. Carolyn Crimson from Dayton Animal Hospital
    carolyn@daytonanimals.org
    937-293-2311

