Rami Shoula
Mechanical Engineer


Dedicated and experienced Mechanical Engineer with extensive knowledge of engineering principles, theories, specifications, and standards. Bringing leadership, drive, and over five years of experience to the table. Proven track record of finishing complex projects ahead of schedule. Substantial experience in analyzing problems and offering mechanical devices that help to alleviate them. Adept in overseeing the manufacturing process of devices, and working with other professionals to ensure that projects are successfully completed.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ German

SKILLS
  Analytical Thinking Skills
  Design Skills
  Mechanical Engineering
  Creative Mindset

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2012 – September 2019
    Mechanical Engineer at Sisco Enterprises, Los Angeles
      Attended meetings to discuss projects with clients, contractors, and other engineers.Planned and directed the execution of various projects. Analyzed problems and offered mechanical solutions to existing problems.Developed and tested prototypes of devices for specific projects and clients.Designed and implemented cost-effective device modifications.

  * May 2009 – September 2012
    Mechanical Engineer at Blixo Resources, Denver
      Assisted with identifying projected costs and assembly specifics.Analyzed data to determine if designs met performance goals. Monitored progress of projects and reported any issues to senior managers Worked closely with project managers and engineers to ensure project needs were fulfilled and budgets were honored. 

  * July 2007 – February 2009
    Mechanical Design Intern at Blixo Resources, Denver
      Created models and designs according to product goals and intended function. Collaborated with designers to understand product specifics, and worked to ensure a proper fabrication process. Assisted with determining materials and supplies based on goals and budgets. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2007 – May 2011
    New York University, New York Master of Science in Mechanical Engineering
  * August 2003 – May 2007
    New York University, New York Bachelor of Science in Mechanical Engineering

REFERENCES
  * Linda Hobbs from Blixo Resources
    hobbs.linda@blixoresources.org
    303-229-3451
  * Caesar Agenti from Blixo Resources
    agenti@blixoresources.org
    303-489-5869
  * Samantha Harris from Sisco Enterprises
    sharris@siscoent.com
    212-665-3219

