Rami Shoula
Blog Writer


Innovative Blog Writer with several years of experience working to create interesting, entertaining, and informative blog posts for my own personal website, as well as for the websites of clients. Adept at researching new topics, engaging audiences, and promoting brands and missions. Bringing forth a love of writing, combined with extraordinary networking skills and a desire to connect with others through writing. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Social Engagement Skills
  ★★★★★ Marketing Strategies
  ★★★★★ Advanced Writing Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management
  ★★★★★ Sales Strategies

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2014 – October 2019
    Blog Writer at The Atlas Project, New York
      Worked to communicate the mission of The Atlas Project via social media engagement. Managed all social media pages and create innovative blog posts to achieve reader satisfaction. Conducted research and monitored blog traffic patterns to assess the kind of content readers desired. Created and distributed a monthly newsletter with informative content. Engaged with blog visitors via comments and emails. 

  * May 2010 – June 2014
    Social Media Content Manager at Este Inc. , New York
      Researched and implemented winning social media strategies to increase viewership and fans. Utilized excellent communication and writing skills to develop topical and interesting stories and outreach initiatives. Collaborated with other department teams to identify useful content ideas and map out strategies. Developed and launched viral marketing campaigns, resulting in increased viewership and clients. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2007 – May 2011
    New York University, New York Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2003 – May 2007
    Chappaqua High School, Chappaqua High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2010 – April 2011
    Editorial Intern at The New York Times, New York

REFERENCES
  * Julie Dowd from The Atlas Project
    jdowd@theatlasnow.com
    212-384-4495
  * Dr. Michael Steinhauser from New York University
    steinhauserm@nyu.edu
    212-384-5442
  * Lydia Francez from Este Inc.
    lydia@estegroup.org
    212-345-5860

