Rami Shoula
Scrum Master


Dedicated and agile Scrum Master committed to ensuring that teams work in accordance with established rules, values, processes, and practices. Adept in fostering an environment conducive to productivity and success. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Ability to Multitask
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work Under Pressure
  ★★★★★ Critical thinking and Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Leadership and Teamwork
  ★★★★★ Scrum
  ★★★★★ Agile Methodologies

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2016 – December 2020
    Senior Scrum Master at B2B Solutions, New York
      
  Leveraged my expertise to raise the bar and worked to ensure our team delivered extraordinary results. 
  Helped to clearly define the team's vision, strategy and action plans. 
  Continually worked to understand customers, business, and stakeholder needs and implemented solutions to meet those needs. 
  Effectively managed cross functional company initiatives. 
  Helped to empower and coach teams to success. 
  Collaborated with engineering managers and software engineers to reach goals.


  * November 2012 – November 2016
    Scrum Master at Captiva One, New York
      
  Worked to support software engineering teams through Scrum Agile methodologies. 
  Maintained an in-depth understanding on risks and coached teams on compliance to minimize operational risks. 
  Appropriately utilized team feedback and metrics to identify areas of opportunity and improvement. 
  Coached teams to improve collaboration and organization. 
  Identified impediments and appropriately worked toward solutions. 
  Communicated with leaders across the organization to ensure communication regarding delivery, risks, and opportunities for improvement. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2008 – May 2012
    Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Science in Business Administration
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Loyola High School, New York High School Diploma

