Rami Shoula
Translator 


Highly skilled and experienced Translator with a strong background in translating Legal Documents in English, Spanish, German, French, and Italian. Bringing forth an excellent command of these languages, and a track record of impeccable proofreading, editing, and translating. Adept in accurately assessing the context of material, and translating it in an understandable and appropriate way. Highly skilled in Legal Terminology and Processes, helping clients to better understand their rights and position. Bringing forth a positive work ethic and a commitment to efficiency and integrity.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ French
  ★★★★☆ Italian
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Oral and Written Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Legal Terminology and Processes
  ★★★★★ Client Confidentiality 
  ★★★★★ Translation Software 
  ★★★★★ Interpretation Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2014 – September 2019
    Tanslator at Morgan Clark LLC, New York
      
  Provided consultations for clients to assess their project needs and goals.
  Utilized subject matter expertise and Legal Knowledge to offer the most detailed and efficient translations possible.
  Effectively used Translation Software to expedite project delivery and ensure accuracy.
  Consistently adhered to the principles of the Association of Translation Companies.
  Performed in-depth review of texts and made edits and changes where necessary.
  Created presentations for in-person and online viewing purposes.   
  


  * February 2012 – February 2014
    Translator Assistant at South Myra Courthouse, Atlanta
      
  Assisted the Head Translator with daily tasks and duties as needed. 
  Supported the customer service goals of the courthouse by offering excellent translating assistance. 
  Led three way telephone calls when necessary and translated pertinent information to each party. 
  Provided quality control over documents as required. 



EDUCATION
  * February 2014
    The American Translators Association,   Certification of Accuracy 
  * September 2012 – May 2014
    Kent State University, Kent Master of Linguistics

REFERENCES
  * Dwight Rosen from South Myra Courthouse 
    rosend@southmyracourt.org
    404-556-7879
  * Lisa Oppenhaiger from Morgan Clark LLC
    oppenhaiger@mclarkllc.com
    678-779-3212
  * Camila Lingenfelser from The American Translators Association
    camila@atacares.org
    212-334-8576

