Rami Shoula
Electrician


Skilled and experienced electrician with over ten years of experience installing and maintaining electrical systems in homes, businesses, and factories. Possesses an excellent working knowledge of relevant electric codes as well as the ability to analyze blueprints effectively and install the electrical systems in reference to them. Proven track record of identifying and correcting electrical issues by using a variety of testing devices. I bring forth a strong work ethic and the desire to assist client's with making their construction process as easy and time effective as possible. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Electrical Codes
  ★★★★★ Safe Work Practices
  ★★★★★ Troubleshooting
  ★★★★★ Electrical Inspections and Repair

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2013 – August 2019
    Electrician at Diacode Energy Solutions, Hamden
      Provided customers with top of the line service by working on an "on call" basis for emergencies and repairs. Installed, managed, and maintained energy management systems such as thermostats and digital cycling units. Conducted thorough inspections of completed construction and filed accurate reports. Trained new hires in safe and effective electrical practices. Worked collaboratively with project managers to ensure the successful completion of jobs. 

  * June 2007 – June 2013
    Electrician at DeMatteo Construction Corp., Bridgeport
      Installed and repaired building electrical systems. Properly arranged wiring and fixtures in preparation for installment. Analyzed and found solutions for problems with electrical and fixture issues. Successfully interpreted blueprints to bring ideas from conception to fruition. Assisted in the budgeting portion of construction and worked well with clients to understand their needs. Served as an important part of this construction company's success by providing high quality and error free electrical work. Installed and replaced cooler  motors, exhaust fans, electrical outlets, and various appliances. Worked in a time effective and organized manner to get the job done as quickly and efficiently as possible.Recognized for meticulous attention to details and finishing projects ahead of schedule. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Guilford High School, Guilford High School Diploma
  * August 2005 – August 2007
    Electrician Trade School, Bridgeport Certified Journeyman Electrician

    Graduated with Honors. 

REFERENCES
  * Carl DeMatteo from DeMatteo Construction Corp.
    dematteo@concorp.com
    203-226-2734
  * Lee Wilfred from Diacode Energy Solutions
    wilfred@diacode.com
    203-444-4547
  * Ansel Hoggensort from Electrician Trade School
    ansel@electricts.com
    203-876-6543

