Rami Shoula
Landscape Designer


Experienced Landscape Designer with several years of experience working with clients to create and enhance the aesthetics and function of natural outdoor spaces. Bringing forth exceptional design and horticulture skills, and a true ability to understand and strive toward the vision of a client. Adept in designing, managing, and planning the production of projects, ranging from small to very large-scale. Offering strong communication skills, and an ability to collaborate and lead as a dynamic and dedicated professional.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Landscape Design Skills
  ★★★★★ Urban Landscape Design
  ★★★★★ Plant and Composition Knowledge 
  ★★★★★ Spatial Design Skills 
  ★★★★★ Geospatial Technology 
  ★★★★★ Superior Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Environmental Awareness 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2014 – September 2019
    Senior Landscape Architect at A&R Design Firm, Orlando
      Led a team of Landscape Architects to provide optimal customer service from conception through delivery of design work. Managed and completed several residential community designs. Worked with architects, engineers and other professionals to ensure projects were successfully carried out. Advised on Landscape Architecture for many projects concerning environmental planning. 

  * July 2010 – March 2014
    Landscape Designer at Lakeland Landscape Design Team, Los Angeles
      Created designs and managed projects for one of the areas most successful Landscape Design firms. Handled both residential and commercial design projects for private clients and large-scale organizations. Presented design solutions to environmental groups and community leaders. Successfully completed design projects for single family residences, business parks, and residential complexes. 


EDUCATION
  * July 2009
    ,  APLD Certification
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    University of Florida, Gainesville Bachelor of Landscape Architecture
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Jacksonville High School, Jacksonville High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Tiffany Mendel from University of Florida
    tmendel@floridau.edu
    850-449-3838
  * Dr. Luke Simmons from Lakeland Landscape Design Team
    luke.simmons@lldesign.org
    407-774-3118
  * Charis Neiderhauser from A&R Design Firm
    charis@andrdesign.com
    917-283-2243

