Rami Shoula
Title Insurance Coordinator


Experienced Title Insurance Coordinator with advanced skills communicating and working with realtors, lenders, buyers, and sellers. Bringing forth in-depth knowledge of Title Reports and closing procedures. Extremely knowledgeable about all real estate procedures, laws, and markets. Committed to providing clients with a smooth and stress free closing transaction for buyers, sellers, and real estate agents.  

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Chinese

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Clearing Title Processes
  ★★★★★ Real Estate Procedures
  ★★★★★ Commercial Transactions
  ★★★★★ Coordinating Skills 
  ★★★★★ Computer Based Research Programs
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Relevant Laws and Regulations

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2015 – September 2019
    Title Insurance Coordinator at Judicial Title, White Plains
      
  Assisted clients and real estate professionals with resolving clearance of all files prior to closing.
  Ensured a clear title, and secured lien payoffs, mortgages, real estate tax balances, and more.
  Utilized optimal customer service skills with realtors, lenders, investors, buyers, Sellers, attorneys, and underwriters.
  Remained up to date about relevant laws and regulations.
  Prepared legal documents for clients and proceedings. 
  Input applications, recorded documents, and completed final title policies.   


  * July 2013 – May 2015
    Title Insurance Coordinator at Realrise, New York
      
  Effectively communicated with lenders, real estate offices, and service companies to obtain the information needed for the closing. 
  Prepared settlement sheets and all documents for closings.
  Verified accuracy of lender packages. 
  Prepared and amended closing policies, and finalized title bill to reflect any changes or updates. 
  Scheduled and assisted with all closing processes. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2019
    Marymount College, White Plains Associate of Communications
  * September 2006 – June 2010
    Rockville High School, Rockville High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Todd Mahan from Judicial Title
    tmahan@judicialtitle.org
    914-545-8976
  * Lydia Holtz from Weichert Realtors
    holtz.l@weichertnyc.com
    212-744-5499
  * Abraham Ming from Realrise 
    ming@realrise.org
    212-328-4377

