Rami Shoula
Systems Analyst


Highly effective Systems Analyst bringing forth a wealth of experience analyzing, managing and testing business process solutions related to Financial Reporting. Adept in performing data analytics and facilitating testing design and execution.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ HTML/CSS/JavaScript
  ★★★★★ Distributed Computing
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Data Analysis
  ★★★★★ Technical and Legal Research
  ★★★★★ Motivated Attitude

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2018 – July 2021
    Systems Analyst  at Adam Edgar Partners, Seattle
      
  Worked to support the Human Resources team with HR and financial related systems. 
  Managed the design, implementation, operation, and support of the assigned applications.
  Effectively assisted client departments by analyzing data and the needs of the department. 
  Made process re-design recommendations to improve performance when necessary. 
  Advised, guided, and trained company employees regarding system usage and functionality.



  * July 2015 – October 2018
    Systems Analyst at Cooper Integrated Technologies, Seattle
      
  Audited employee expense reports to ensure adherence to Corporate Global T&amp;E Policy.
  Assisted with the development of training materials for users. 
  Identified, reported, and worked to resolve issues and offer suggestions for system/process improvements.
  Provided optimal support to the manager with special projects and daily requests.
  Worked to meet all milestones and timelines with vigor. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2011 – May 2015
    Seattle Pacific University, Seattle Master of Computer and Information Technology
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Seattle Central College, Seattle Bachelor of Science in Business Administration

INTERNSHIPS
  * January 2014 – April 2015
    Business Analyst Intern at Marcoby Engineering Group, Seattle

    
  Helped to launch initiatives and enthusiastically participated in projects.


