Rami Shoula
Police Officer


Experienced and dedicated Police Officer with a commitment to increasing safety, saving lives, and lowering crime rates. Over seven years of experience with serving citizens, responding to crime scenes and accidents, and conducting routine monitoring. Adept in crisis intervention techniques and high risk situation protocols. Bringing forth a proven track record of excelling at keeping citizens safe, with several Employee of the Month nominations due to my strong and unrelenting work ethic. Possesses excellent communication, interrogation, and interpersonal skills

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Crime Prevention
  ★★★★★ Search and Seizure Laws
  ★★★★★ Firearms and Weapons Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Drug Laws Enforcement
  ★★★★★ Undercover Operations

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2006 – August 2019
    Police Officer  at Westchester County Police, Hawthorne
      Performed foot and vehicle patrols of my assigned areas to ensure the safety and rights of citizens.Investigated criminal activity and collaborated with other assigned workers to collect information, interpret the situation, and respond appropriately. Acted quickly in emergency situations and used expert judgment to proceed accordingly. Worked with culturally diverse populations and served as a protector of all. Identified and arrested perpetrators of criminal acts. Supervised five employees and educated them on key issues. 

  * August 2001 – September 2006
    Police Officer at Duchess County Sheriff Department, Poughkeepsie
      Patrolled city streets, neighborhoods, and businesses to ensure safety and compliance with laws. Worked well independently and on a team to solve problems. Wrote citations and made arrests when necessary. Completed thorough reports of recorded incidents. Searched homes and vehicles when necessary.Answered radio calls and served as a first responder to emergency scenes. Actively participated in crime prevention practices. Worked to mediate disturbances. Responded to multiple bank alarms and followed designated protocols.


EDUCATION
  * August 1999 – June 2001
    Police Academy of New York, New York Basic Course- Intensive
  * August 1995 – May 1999
    Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Criminal Justice

REFERENCES
  * Lieutenant Carl Willmeyer from Westchester County Police
    lcwill@wcp.org
    914-335-3526
  * Lieutenant John May from Westchester County Police
    ljmay@wcp.org
    914-335-7782
  * Lisa Ritch from Duchess County Sheriff Department
    lisaritch@duchesscsd.com
    845-763-3384

