Rami Shoula
Software Developer


Experienced Software Developer adept in bringing forth expertise in design, installation, testing and maintenance of software systems. Equipped with a diverse and promising skill-set. Proficient in various platforms, languages, and embedded systems. Experienced with the latest cutting edge development tools and procedures.  Able to effectively self-manage during independent projects, as well as collaborate as part of a productive team. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Programming
  ★★★★★ Software Logic
  ★★★★★ Software Troubleshooting
  ★★★★★ Knowledgable in User Interface/ User Experience
  ★★★★★ Adaptability

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2013 – September 2019
    Software Developer at Accrue Partners, New York
      Worked productively with Product Team to understand requirements and business specifications around Portfolio Management, Analytics and Risk.Effectively coded software changes and alterations based on specific design specifications.Worked to solve complex problems using the latest in Cloud, Mobile, and Web Technologies. Developed and presented findings and solutions to audiences including senior executives and stakeholders. 

  * June 2011 – August 2013
    Junior Software Developer at CyberCoders, New York
      Effectively addressed complex bugs. Implemented and updated application modules under the direction of Senior Software Developers. Successfully worked at an independent level, while also serving as an effective and enthusiastic collaborator. Performed automated testing tasks and developed complex features routinely. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2010 – August 2012
    The Massachusetts Institute of Technology., Cambridge Master of Science in Computer Science
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    Dartmouth, Hanover Bachelor of Computer Science

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2009 – June 2010
    Software Developer- Apprentice at IBM, Boston

    Served as an ambitious and motivated Apprentice to Senior Software Developers. 

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Carl Correnti from The Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
    ccorrenti@mit.edu
    617-228-3381
  * Dr. Jennifer Peters from The Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
    jpeters@mit.edu
    617-283-2311
  * Leandra Mann from Accrue Partners
    leandra.mann@accruenyc.com
    212-267-3232

