Rami Shoula
Personal Banker


Highly dynamic and attentive personal banker with 10+ years of experience helping clients to make responsible and beneficial financial decisions while effectively working to support all branch operations.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Adaptability
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Banking Software
  ★★★★★ Marketing and Sales
  ★★★★★ Customer Service
  ★★★★★ Financial Management
  ★★★★★ Mathematical Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2017 – September 2021
    Personal Banker at TD Bank, Norwalk
      
  Developed strong relationships with current and prospective clients, as well as business partners. 
  Ensured compliance with operational, risk, security and audit procedures and policies. 
  Assisted clients by providing exceptional customer service and knowledge of products, services and offerings. 
  Accurately and efficiently processed 100+ transactions a day.
  Maintained the confidentiality of clients and their accounts at all times. 
  Followed policies and procedures to minimize risk.


  * June 2011 – January 2017
    Personal Banker at Unity Bank, West Hartford
      
  Worked to provide an exceptional client experience on a daily basis. 
  Cultivated strong relationships with partners, small businesses and personal wealth management professionals. 
  Maintained a strong understanding of Unity Bank's policies, standards and procedures to ensure the security of bank and client assets.
  Assessed risks during business decisions, and helped clients to make the safest and most beneficial financial choices possible. 
  Recognized the transaction needs of clients and educated clients about digital self-service options.



EDUCATION
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Molloy College, Rockville Centre Bachelor of Science in Mathematics
  * September 2003 – June 2007
    Long Island City High School, Queens, NY High School Diploma

