Rami Shoula
Marketing Consultant


Passionate and experienced Marketing Consultant with several years of experience  providing strategic and practical advice to achieve company marketing efforts. Adept in understanding company profiles and operations to successfully carry out marketing plans. Bringing forth years of valuable industry experience and expertise in identifying and implementing the most effective marketing methods and tools to achieve success. Equipped with a diverse and promising skill-set, conducive to adhering to marketing principles and best practices. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Marketing Tools and Strategies
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Commercial Awareness
  ★★★★★ Innovation and Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Budget Management 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2012 – September 2019
    Marketing Consultant at JJ Cole, Seattle
      Prepared detailed and well thought out proposals and marketing plans. Advised on branding, communication techniques, and other relevant marketing issues. Conducted marketing research to accurately identify industry trends and business opportunities. Directed marketing projects and studied results. Wrote and delivered quarterly reports with ideas for improvements and initiatives. 

  * April 2009 – April 2012
    Marketing Consultant at D&C Inc. , Seattle
      Effectively supported data driven marketing and sales activities.  Monitored and evaluated the ads performance sector. Leveraged my creativity to identify new ways to increase online presence and advertising efficacy. Collaborated with team members to drive results. 

  * June 2010 – March 2012
    Market Research Analyst at Pepsi, Pepsi Inc. 
      Effectively analyzed market trends to determine important information about competition, customers, and future business opportunities. Developed and implemented a strong market model to regularly evaluate market movement and trends. Brought forth a strong and useful understanding of economic, financial, and marketing concepts and strategies. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2010
    Wake Forest University, Seattle  M.B.A
  * August 2004 – May 2008
    Washington State University, Seattle Bachelor of Communications

REFERENCES
  * Linda Hamilton from Pepsi
    lhamilton@pepsiseattle.org
    206-777-5337
  * Chris Feronski from D&C Inc. 
    feronski@dcinc.org
    206-593-3847
  * Amelia DeBrow from JJ Cole
    adaccount@jjcole.com
    206-509-9961

