Rami Shoula
Accounting Manager, CPA


Accomplished and highly motivated Accounting Manager seeking to utilize my skills for the betterment of the next team I join. Committed to driving continuous improvements for finance operations through the identification and implementation of process enhancement opportunities. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Polish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Financial Reporting
  ★★★★★ Financial Analysis
  ★★★★★ ERP Systems
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work Under Pressure
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2015 – July 2021
    Accounting Manager at Smith and Caufield, New York
      
  Reviewed and analyzed financial accounting information and presented analysis and commentary to key business partners.
  Worked to ensure that the financial control framework was in place to ensure the accurate reporting of financial conditions. 
  Collaborated with teams including Cash Operations, Treasury, and Tax. 
  Successfully interpreted and communicated financial information to teams across the business.
  Oversaw the month-end, quarter-end, and year-end closing of the books, reconciliations, and journal entries.


  * September 2013 – March 2015
    Accounting Manager at Diamond Marketing, Jersey City
      
  Oversaw and managed cost accounting, capitalizing variances, and inventory provisions.
  Properly reviewed and supported the preparation of entries related to business operations.
  Completed the documentation of processes and standardized operating procedures.
  Prepared monthly, quarterly, and annual reports for Corporate reporting.



EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Science in Accounting

LICENSES
  * Certified Public Accountant, New York, June 2013
INTERNSHIPS
  * Accounting Intern at Calico Air, Purchase, January 2013 – June 2013

    
  Handled a variety of accounting activities within the finance department including accounts payable, general ledger maintenance, account reconciliations, and travel and entertainment review and tracking.
  Effectively contributed to overall office support and administration.

