Rami Shoula


Hardworking and motivated college student seeking seasonal employment in the landscaping industry. Adept in a variety of lawn care tasks and familiar with common power tools. Ready to apply experience in golf course upkeep to commercial landscaping projects.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ French
  ★★★★☆ Polish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Adaptability
  ★★★★★ Time Management
  ★★★★★ Detail-oriented
  ★★★★★ Good Communication
  ★★★★★ Ability to Learn Quickly
  ★★★★★ Mowers and Weed Eaters
  ★★★★★ Irrigation Systems

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2021 – August 2021
    Summer Golf Course Assistant at Three Horses Golf Club, Boulder
      
  Served as a seasonal golf course assistant working closely with the superintendent and assistants in all daily maintenance operations. 
  Assisted with all mowing practices and hand watering. 
  Helped with irrigation repair and troubleshooting. 
  Assisted with pesticide applications and fertilizer applications.
  Recognized for positive attitude and willingness to learn and grow. 


  * September 2019 – November 2020
    Store Associate at The Home Depot, Boulder
      
  Worked as an enthusiastic and dedicated store associate handling a variety of assigned tasks and daily responsibilities. 
  Provided fast and friendly service by approaching customers to assess their needs and offer assistance. 
  Provided customers with accurate information on product features. 
  Worked to maintain the in-stock condition of assigned areas and ensured that they were clean, safe and easily accessible.
  Provided a safe working and shopping environment by following all safety policies and standards.



EDUCATION
  * September 2018 – Present
    University of Colorado at Boulder,  Bachelor of Science in Sports Management
  * September 2014 – May 2018
    Walter Johnson Technical High School, Denver 

    
  Graduated with 3.97 GPA


INTERNSHIPS
  * October 2018 – May 2019
    Admissions Office Intern at University of Colorado at Boulder, 

    
  Worked as a helpful and enthusiastic intern, collaborating with admissions team members to ensure the smooth running of the office. 
  Provided assistance with a variety of projects relating to new student recruitment.


