Rami Shoula
Cement Mason


Knowledgeable and experienced Cement Mason with several years of experience doing small and large construction jobs for the same company. Adept in creating smooth and even cement surfaces with the help of tools, as well as by hand. Skilled in achieving precision and accurate proportion, and dedicated to ensuring customers are pleased with the finished work. Bringing forth a positive work ethic and th ability to work both independently and collaboratively. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ German
  ★★★★☆ French
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Masonry Techniques
  ★★★★★ Safe Masonry Practices
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Materials
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2015 – February 2019
    Cement Mason at Coronado Builders, Coronado
      Prepared, poured, and fine-tuned concrete surfaces and structures. Utilized power tools and heavy machinery, in addition to my hands to achieve the perfect dimensions and finish. Completed projects including roadways, sidewalks, driveways, parking lots, residential spaces, and more.Practiced safe masonry practices and inspected job sites to ensure safe structures. Aimed to achieve ultimate client satisfaction by providing excellent customer service and the highest level of expertise. 

  * June 2011 – April 2015
    Cement Mason at Hayeworth Construction, Solana Beach
      Arranged and filled concrete forms adequately.Poured slabs for new construction spaces. Operated high-powered machinery in a responsible and effective fashion. Loaded and unloaded materials for job site and ensured smooth working processes. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2008 – May 2011
    Masonry Industry Training Association, San Diego Masonry Certificate
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Sherman Oaks High School , Sherman Oaks High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Joe Morrison from Coronado Builders
    morrison@coronadobuilds.com
    619-557-4356
  * Francis Hayeworth from Hayeworth Construction
    718-556-8937
  * Bill Ashford from City 2 Construction
    ashford.bill@city2cons.org
    619-432-2323

