Rami Shoula
Flight Attendant


Enthusiastic and experienced Flight Attendant with a true passion for travel. Offering over six years of experience as a Flight Attendant on both private and commercial aircrafts. Adept in assisting Pilots, Flight Professionals, and patrons, resulting in a positive experience for everyone. Bringing forth a positive attitude, and the desire to serve and assist with dedication. CPR and First Aid Certified, and experienced in working through challenges with a calm and productive demeanor. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Reliability
  ★★★★★ Safety Rules and Regulations
  ★★★★★ CPR and First Aid Certified
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Skills
  ★★★★★ Team Building Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2011 – September 2019
    Flight Attendant at American Airlines, Chicago
      Served as a dedicated Flight Attendant for American Airlines for over six years.Assisted passengers, provided information, and handled concerns with care.Followed terminal and aircraft rules and guidelines to achieve safety and success. Handled various in-flight tasks to promote safety and traveler satisfaction.Remained punctual and reliable at all times. 

  * July 2009 – April 2011
    Airline Customer Service Agent at American Airlines, Chicago
      Provided top of the line customer service to all airport patrons. Worked with colleagues to ensure a smooth workflow and productivity. Answered questions and concerns relating to travel and airport procedures. Remained calm and professional during high-stress situations. Assisted passengers with special needs, and served as a source of support. Aimed to achieve complete customer satisfaction. 


EDUCATION
  * May 2009
    International Air and Hospitality Academy, Vancouver FA Program
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Arizona State University, Tempe Associate of Communications

REFERENCES
  * Linda Monahan from American Airlines
    lmonahan@americanair.com
    773-465-4498
  * Claudia Campano from American Airlines
    ccampano@americanair.com
    773-764-5904
  * Alfred Ward from International Air and Hospitality Academy
    ward.alfred@iahaorg
    604-532-1129

