Rami Shoula
Sales Manager


Experienced and self-motivated Sales Manager with five years of industry experience overseeing sales figures and new account developments. Bringing forth a proven track record of working collaboratively with sales teams to achieve goals, escalate revenue gains, and advance the sales cycle of the company. A strong leader with the ability to increase sales and develop strategies to retain customers.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Business Development Strategies
  ★★★★★ Industry Knowledge 
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Innovative Problem Solving

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2014 – Present
    Sales Manager at Winthrop and Lee, Boulder
      Helped to achieve a 25% increase in sales revenue over the course of 1 year. Established sales goals by forecasting annual sales quotas and projecting expected sales volume for existing and new products.Effectively monitored competition and appropriately adjusted costs based on supply and demand. Managed sales employees and counseled employees based on their professional growth and productivity. 

  * September 2010 – October 2014
    Sales Manager at Lola & Co, Denver
      Successfully managed a sales team of 10+ people to meet and achieve sales goals. Developed and implemented sales plans to expand customer base and increase customer retention. Presented sales, revenue, and expenses reports to management teams. Researched competition and developed strategies to stand out as a company against competitors. Monitored the performance of sales team members and worked to increase team morale and motivation. 

  * August 2008 – August 2010
    Sales Associate at The Mighty East, Denver
      Provided excellent customer service at all times. Checked prices and promotional rates for customers. Answered customer questions and concerns to the best of my ability. Helped to increase customer retention by striving to create wonderful customer experiences. Worked with the mission of the company in mind and served as a dedicated and enthusiastic part of the sales team. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Colorado College, Colorado Springs Bachelor of Marketing
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    The Vanguard School, Colorado Springs High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Ellen Desisto from Colorado College
    edesisto@coloradoc.edu
    303-553-4572
  * Gene Wilmington from Lola & Co
    gwilm@lolaco.org
    303-644-2711
  * Harris Monaghan from Winthrop and Lee
    monaghan@winthroplee.com
    303-981-2217

