Rami Shoula
Immigration Lawyer


Dedicated and experienced Immigration Lawyer with over ten years of experience providing legal counsel and services to persons seeking citizenship or persons trying to avoid deportation. Adept in successfully representing clients before immigration courts, and working tirelessly to ensure the smoothest experience possible. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Knowledge of Immigration Law
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Substantive Law and Legal Procedure
  ★★★★★ Logical Reasoning Skills
  ★★★★★ Written and Oral Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Conflict Resolution Skills
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2011 – September 2019
    Immigration Lawyer at Franck and Tweed Associates, New York
      Helped clients to navigate the complex immigration processes. Assisted clients in completing all necessary paperwork required by the Immigration and Naturalization Service. Conducted extensive legal research and drafted pleadings, motions, and appeals for deportation. Prepared and filed immigrant visa applications. Helped to reunite families separated due to immigration issues. Appeared with clients at deportation and naturalization hearings.

  * June 2008 – April 2011
    Immigration Attorney at Miller, Jones, and Goodman, New York
      Assisted businesses in dealing with complex immigration matters. Successfully advised corporate clients on compliance with Department of Labor and U.S.C.I.S. regulations. Prepared immigration packets and delivered to USCIS. Prepared immigrant and non-immigrant visas and naturalization applications. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2012
    Fordham Law School, New York Juris Doctor
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Molloy College, Bronx Bachelor of Economics

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2007 – April 2008
    Legal Intern at Disability Rights New York, Brooklyn

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Lena Goodman from Miller, Jones, and Goodman
    lena@mjglaw.org
    212-364-4859
  * Felix Wichoski from Franck and Tweed Associates
    fwichoski@francktweed.com
    212-374-4931
  * Deidre Wellesley Tweed from Franck and Tweed Associates
    dwellesley@francktweed.com
    212-335-9875

