Rami Shoula
Transportation


Transportation professional, specializing in transporting passengers and items from one location to another. Adept in establishing and following the best driving routes to achieve transportation goals in a safe and timely manner. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Chinese

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Traffic Laws and Regulations
  ★★★★★ Highly Motivated
  ★★★★★ Safe Driving Practices
  ★★★★★ Honesty and Integrity

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2019 – July 2021
    Class A Company Driver at Deepbrook Drivers, New York
      
  Followed instructions and adhered to all laws and policies for all delivery jobs. 
  Loaded and secured products in delivery vehicle and safely transported merchandise without damage. 
  Determined the best travel routes for safe and on-time deliveries. 
  Offloaded and presented merchandise for customers when possible. 
  Accurately documented all vehicle movement on daily route sheets. 
  Communicated effectively and courteously with customers. 


  * October 2016 – December 2018
    Driver  at Senior Lifestyle, White Plains
      
  Transported residents according to schedule and ensured their safe return to the building. 
  Maintained the clean appearance and proper functioning of the vehicle. 
  Reported mechanical needs and repairs to ensure vehicle safety and efficiency. 
  Ensured a safe environment by following directions, preventing accidents, and adhering to safe work practices. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2016 – August 2017
    SUNY Westchester Community College, Valhalla Associate of Arts in Communications

REFERENCES
  * Tom Ellison from Senior Lifestyle
    ellison_tom@seniorlife.org
    914-324-3488
  * Marion Willard from Deepbrook Drivers
    willard_m@deepbrookd.com
    917-546-6799
  * Ramone Angillo from Deepbrook Drivers
    angillo_r@deepbrookd.com
    718-324-3455

LICENSES
  * Class A CDL, New York, July 2016
