Rami Shoula
Restaurant Manager


Experienced and effective Restaurant Manager adept in all aspects of successful restaurant management. Bringing forth several years of industry experience and expertise in managing staff and restaurant functions. Equipped with a diverse and promising skill-set, conducive to creating positive team relationships resulting in optimal customer service. Passionate about the food service industry, and eager to bring my years of experience and growth to another flourishing establishment. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Food Service Industry Knowledge 
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills
  ★★★★★ Business Development Strategies
  ★★★★★ Effective Management Techniques
  ★★★★★ Strategic Marketing Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2010 – September 2019
    Restaurant Manager at The Flagship, Nevada
      Effectively coordinated daily restaurant management operations, resulting in greater productivity and higher levels of customer satisfaction.Altered the menu based on seasonal offerings and customer feedback. Monitored the dining room and made seating changes as necessary, and addressed any customer concerns or wishes appropriately. Interviewed, hired, and counseled qualified waitstaff and kitchen staff. Appraised staff performance and provided constructive feedback to improve overall productivity.

  * September 2006 – September 2010
    Assistant Restaurant Manager at The Flagship, Nevada
      Assisted the Restaurant Manager with all daily tasks, and independently handled projects and customer concerns as well. Helped to train waitstaff and kitchen staff on proper restaurant procedures. Worked to ensure the maintenance of restaurant sanitation and compliance with all safety regulations. Placed orders for necessary goods such as food, kitchen tools, and cleaning products. Constantly made an effort to promote the restaurant name and mission in the local community and at related events. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2006 – May 2008
    Grand Canyon University, Phoenix Associate of Business Administration
  * September 2002 – May 2006
    Lincoln High School, Scottsdale High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Kate Blanchard from Grand Canyon University
    blanchard@grandcanyon.edu
    602-334-2184
  * Will Estrella from The Flagship
    westrella@theflagshipn.org
    702-685-5543
  * Dominic Howard from The Flagship
    dhoward@theflagshipn.org
    702-344-4658

