Rami Shoula
Telemarketer


Experienced and enthusiastic Telemarketer with excellent customer service and marketing skills. Adept in making sales phone calls to effectively convey a message and relay information about a product or a service. Committed to working professionally and diligently on behalf of a company. Skilled in remaining calm and courteous during high-pressure situations. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Marketing Skills
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Strong Customer Service Skills 
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Products and Services 
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Phone Etiquette

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2014 – September 2019
    Telemarketer at Fairway Communications, Seattle
      
  Researched target audiences and created lists of people and businesses to reach out to. 
  Formulated an informative audio presentation, and aimed to provide prospective clients with the most valuable information possible. 
  Answered questions, comments, concerns relating to our services and products. 
  Remained professional and polite at all times. 
  Worked to stay up-to-date regarding products and offerings. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – May 2014
    Seattle Community College, Seattle Associate of Marketing
  * May 2008 – June 2012
    Ballard High School, Ballard High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * January 2012 – June 2014
    Sales Assistant at Queen Anne Tiles and Stone, Seattle

    
  Worked as a motivated and effective Floor Sales Assistant. 
  Gained a strong working knowledge of Tiles and Stone. 
  Worked to provide clients with the highest level of customer service. 


REFERENCES
  * Mallory Ignacio from Fairway Communications
    ignacio.mallory@fairwaycomms.com
    702-443-5678
  * Jasper White from Queen Anne Tile and Stone
    jwhite@gmail.com
    206-555-3277
  * Dr. Lindsey Fuller from Seattle Communicty College
    lindsey.fuller@seattlecc.edu
    206-554-7878

