Rami Shoula
Doctor


Passionate Doctor with extensive experience in Internal Medicine and hospital settings. Adept in properly diagnosing and strategizing for the best treatment plans for patients. Bringing forth an empathetic and professional attitude, committed to providing patients with the best care possible. Experienced in counseling patients on preventative care and positive lifestyle changes. A strong leader who works well under pressure and with other medical professionals. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * : 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Best Medicine Practices
  ★★★★★ Preventative Care
  ★★★★★ Quality Assurance
  ★★★★★ Diagnosis and Treatment 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2013 – September 2019
    Doctor at Mount Sinai Medical Group, New York
      Met and counseled patients regarding their question and concerns. Accurately diagnosed patients and offered them options for treatment. Developed trusting relationships with patients and families. Maintained accurate patient records and meticulous documentation. Remained up-to-date on the latest and best medicines and practices. Continually worked to improve my professional performance level. 

  * September 2008 – April 2013
    General Internist at Mount Sinai Medical Group, New York
      Treated adult and pediatric clients. Prescribed medications to treat illnesses. Accurately interpreted laboratory results and made decisions accordingly. Referred patients to medical specialists when necessary. Aimed to achieve the highest level of patient care at all times. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2006
    New York University, New York Doctor of Medicine
  * August 2001 – May 2005
    Manhattan College, Bronx Bachelor of Biology

    3.9 GPA

INTERNSHIPS
  * August 2006 – August 2008
    Resident Physician at Mount Sinai Medical Group, New York

    Conducted initial assessment of patients, and provided ongoing treatment under the supervision of other medical professionals. 

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Marco Biseglia from Mount Sinai Medical Group
    mbiseglia@mtsinaimedical.org
    212-334-8563
  * Lorraine Johnson from New York Medical Professionals 
    ljohnson@nymp.com
    212-984-4483
  * Dr. Marina Duvai from Mount Sinai Medical Group
    mduvai@mtsinaimedical.org
    212-334-8711

