Rami Shoula
Pastry Chef


Experienced and passionate Pastry Chef with over seven years of industry experience, creating innovative and highly pleasing desserts for restaurants, events, and fine dining affairs. Adept in creating artisan breads, desserts, pastries, chocolates, and a variety of confections. Bringing forth advanced pastry techniques, food safety knowledge, and a strong understanding of the principles of pastry design. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Food Chemistry
  ★★★★★ Dessert Making Techniques
  ★★★★★ Aesthetics and Design
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Food Safety and Sanitation Practices
  ★★★★★ Menu Development
  ★★★★★ Quality Assurance

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2014 – September 2019
    Executive Pastry Chef at Martin's Catering and Events, New York
      Served as the Executive Pastry Chef, creating rotating and seasonal desserts for events. Prepared special desserts for off-site events. Created a large variety of baked goods, pastries, and confections. Incorporated themes and art into pastry creations. Created specialty cakes for weddings, and other events. Held private pastry creation demonstrations for those interested in baking and pastry arts. Aimed to achieve high levels of client satisfaction, which resulted in a high rate of repeat clients. 

  * June 2012 – October 2014
    Pastry Chef at Apollo's Fine Desserts, New York
      
  Handled all aspects of pastry production on a daily basis. 
  Hired and trained pastry assistants. 
  Introduced new desserts on a monthly basis. 
  Specialized in the creation of gourmet cookies and pies. 
  Catered desserts for special occasions. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2011
    CIA, Hyde Park Associate of Baking and Pastry Arts
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Chappaqua High School,  Chappaqua High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * April 2011 – May 2012
    Pastry Chef Apprentice at Coco and James, New York

REFERENCES
  * James Montez from Coco and James
    jmontez@cocoandjames.org
    212-334-4859
  * Kristin Higgins from Apollo's Fine Desserts
    kristin@apollosdesserts.com
    212-987-7656
  * Martin Dietrich from Martin's Catering and Events
    dietrich@martinscatering.org
    212-222-9889

