Rami Shoula
Early Childhood Education Teacher


Experienced and passionate Early Childhood Teacher with a love for educating today's youth. Adept in creating a comprehensive and well-rounded curriculum that meets education requirements and standards. Able to act as a facilitator of powerful learning experiences, while allowing students to dictate certain lessons and lead with curiosity. Familiar with many renowned educational philosophies, aimed at supporting a child academically, emotionally, and socially. Bringing forth dedication, skill, and the desire to positively impact the lives of children. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Curriculum and Instruction Design
  ★★★★★  Differentiated Learning Teachniques
  ★★★★★ Educational Philosophies
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Child Development
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2015 – August 2019
    Early Childhood Teacher at The Seed, Brooklyn
      Provided optimal care and academic support to students ages 1-3. Created and implemented lesson plans based on child-led interests and curiosities. Encouraged students to actively play and explore new things with fellow classmates. Maintained organized files for each students containing documents indicative of their progress. Facilitated outdoor learning experiences and the involvement of nature as much as possible. Followed school policies and regulations regarding safety and school procedures at all times.

  * September 2013 – May 2015
    Early Childhood Teacher at The Ridge Hill School, New York
      Developed and implemented a well-rounded curriculum designed for students age 1-3. Encouraged the social development of students by facilitating meaningful opportunities for play. Encouraged students to engage in the world around them by introducing them to interesting and provoking subjects and things. Created and fostered positive relationships with parents and family members of students. Provided various hands-on activities to promote critical thinking skills.Monitored and recorded the progress of students, and created plans for improvement. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2013 – May 2017
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Science in Early Childhood Education
  * September 2009 – June 2013
    St. Catherine's High School, New York High School Diploma

    Graduated with High Honors. 

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2014 – December 2014
    Student Teacher at The Ridge Hill School, New York

REFERENCES
  * Dr. John Soyage from Hunter College
    soyage@hunter.edu
    212-223-6332
  * Deidre Linnay from The Ridge Hill School
    d.linnay@ridgehill.org
    212-299-8765
  * Cora McKiernan from The Seed 
    c.mckiernan@seedschool.edu
    917-299-5483

