Rami Shoula
Web Developer


Experienced Web Developer adept in all stages of advanced web development. Knowledgeable in user interface, testing, and debugging processes. Bringing forth expertise in design, installation, testing and maintenance of web systems. Equipped with a diverse and promising skill-set. Proficient in an assortment of technologies, including Java, ASP.NET, C#, IIS, Tomcat, and Microsoft SQL Server. Able to effectively self-manage during independent projects, as well as collaborate in a team setting.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Visual Design Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledgable in User Interface/ User Experience
  ★★★★★ Adaptability
  ★★★★★ Database Management
  ★★★★★ Strong Leadership Skills
  ★★★★★ Programming 
  ★★★★★ Adaptability

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2011 – September 2019
    Senior Web Developer at Allen Hamilton, San Diego
      Planned, developed, tested, deployed, and maintained web applications. Provided effective troubleshooting and remediation for web applications. Wrote SQL statements and stored procedures. Worked well independently and within a team setting. Effectively translated client requirements into application designs and systems requirements. Followed policies and procedures related to application methods and quality standards at all times. 

  * August 2008 – July 2011
    Junior Web Developer at Millbank and Morrison, Los Angeles
      Worked as a productive and positive team member to design, code, test, report, and debug operations. Managed front-end and back-end development in the company's Portfolio Analyst, Employee Track, and Account Management systems.Successfully identified, diagnosed, and fixed website problems, including broken links, typographical errors, and formatting issues. Helped to achieve a consistent look and visual theme across the website by promoting uniform fonts, formatting, images, and layout. Worked to assess competing websites in regards to content, look, and feel. Evaluated and became knowledgeable in new standards, technologies, and trends in website development. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2010
    University of California at Los Angeles, Los Angeles Master of Computer Science
  * August 2004 – August 2008
    Pepperdine University, Malibu Bachelor of Computer Science

REFERENCES
  * Juanita Parker from Millbank and Morrison
    juanita@millbankm.com
    315-493-2213
  * John Reed from Allen Hamilton
    jreed@ahamilton.org
    619-382-1823
  * Rohan Jovi from Allen Hamilton
    rjovi@ahamilton.org
    307-593-2212

