Rami Shoula
Loan Officer


Experienced and attentive Loan Officer with several years of experience providing excellent customer service to clients seeking loans. Adept at thoroughly analyzing the financial status of clients and helping them to apply for and obtain the best loans for their lifestyle. Bringing forth a track record of increasing client satisfaction ratings, while working in accordance with all company policies. Ambitious and driven to reach new levels of success. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinker
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Financial Software
  ★★★★★ Customer Service

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2015 – September 2019
    Loan Officer at Weichert Companies, Richmond
      Formed positive and trustworthy relationships with clients as we explored financial options that best suited their needs. Evaluated the loan and credit needs of clients, taking into consideration all aspects of their financial background in relation to policies and regulations. Worked collaboratively with loan team regarding the conditions of loans and rates. 

  * August 2013 – August 2015
    Loan Officer at Clear Water Bank, Alexandria
      Assessed loan requests and evaluated the needs of clients seeking loans. Respected the confidentiality and privacy of a client's finances and handled loan rejections with professionalism and helpfulness. Carefully reviewed all loan agreements to ensure their compliance with policies. Worked collaboratively with loan team to ensure the accurate assessment of loan conditions. Remained informed and up to date on finance knowledge by attending conferences and reading related publications. Worked to provide optimal customer service on a daily basis. 

  * July 2011 – July 2013
    Receptionist at Clear Water Bank, Richmond
      Greeted patrons and clients with a friendly and helpful attitude. Organized calendars and files, and developed a system of documentation for the files of clients. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2007 – May 2011
    George Mason University, Fairfax Bachelor of Finance
  * September 2002 – May 2006
    Roosevelt High School, Yonkers High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * October 2008 – April 2009
    Accounting Intern at Clear Water Bank, Richmond

    Compiled monthly financial reports. Performed administrative tasks as needed. 

REFERENCES
  * Lee  Dunham from Clear Water Bank
    ldunham@cwaterbank.com
    726-263-2255
  * Corrine Evans from Weichert Companies
    corrine@weichert.com
    631-203-2832
  * Liam Hogan from George Mason University
    hogan@gmasonu.edu
    427-277-7473

