Rami Shoula
Professor of English


Highly dynamic and dedicated Professor of English, committed to the advancement and growth of students. Adept in creating and implementing powerful curricula designed to help students achieve their true potential.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Knowledge of Literature
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Academic Research
  ★★★★★ Curriculum and Instruction
  ★★★★★ Honesty and Integrity

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2016 – March 2021
    Professor of English at Rhode Island College, Providence
      
  Created curricula for first-year and upper-division writing courses.
  Worked to cultivate experiential learning and active engagement in the classroom.
  Worked with department members to enhance program initiatives.
  Supported English Majors, as well as all members of the Writing Program.
  Worked with students from a wide-array of writing backgrounds to identify and foster their own strengths.
  Initiated, facilitated, and moderated classroom discussions.
  Served as a department mentor and advisor.


  * August 2014 – August 2016
    Assistant Professor of English at Rhode Island College, Providence
      
  Provided optimal support to the Head of the English Department.
  Conducted assigned investigations and studies.
  Taught introductory and advanced courses in Creative Writing.
  Participated in interdisciplinary collaboration.
  Remained fully committed to enriching the academic experience offered by the English Department at Rhode Island College.



EDUCATION
  * September 2011 – June 2014
    Brown University, Providence M.A., English
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Brown University, Providence B.A., Comparative Literature

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Jean Rodrigue from Brown University
    rodrigue_jea77@brown.edu
    401-239-4388
  * Dr. Simone Lennox from Rhode Island College
    lenn_ox98@ricollege.edu
    401-984-2121
  * Ashley Persifor from Rhode Island College
    persif_or89@ricollege.edu
    401-533-2888

