Rami Shoula
Lidl


Experienced and hardworking store associate ready to bring motivation and positive attitude to an hourly position with Lidl's Powder Springs location. Striving to continually grow as an employee and a team member while working to meet and exceed job expectations. Committed to supporting exceptional customer experiences.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Work Ethic
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Honesty and Integrity
  ★★★★★ Teamwork Skills
  ★★★★★ Flexibility and Adaptability
  ★★★★★ Highly Organized and Efficient
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2019 – Present
    Store Associate at Safeway, Powder Springs, GA
      
  Worked hard to provide customers with the ultimate shopping experience in the deli and meat departments.
  Assisted with nearly every part of the store’s operations, including stocking, cleaning, non-food merchandising and more. 
  Unpacked stock as deliveries arrived in store. 
  Assisted customers with questions and located items for them. 
  Supported Safeway's freshness concept by applying proper protocols. 
  Worked as a cooperative and enthusiastic team member. 
  Submitted accurate work logs in a timely manner. 


  * October 2016 – June 2019
    Retail Associate at Publix Super Markets, Inc., Brunswick, GA
      
  Remained customer-service oriented and helpful at all times. 
  Participated in inventory management and product replenishment in all departments. 
  Unloaded products from trucks and organized the stock room. 
  Assisted in the building of displays. 
  Awarded for enthusiastic, optimistic and cooperative attitude to ensure ultimate productivity.
  Participated in housekeeping, sanitation and cleaning of the store. 
  Aimed to support Publix core values at all times.
  Assisted in other duties as assigned.


  * May 2014 – August 2016
    Cashier at Hayer's Deli, Brunswick
      
  Assisted customers during the shopping and check-out experience.
  Quickly and efficiently bagged items.
  Offered advice and detailed product information for 30+ meat items.
  Handled returns promptly and courteously.
  Maintained a clean and organized work space.



EDUCATION
  * September 2020 – Present
    College of Coastal Georgia, Brunswick Associate of Arts in Communications

