Rami Shoula
Manager


Experienced and self-motivated manager bringing forth valuable industry experience and a passion for management. Results oriented with a proven track record of working collaboratively with team members to achieve goals. Experienced in both retail and culinary settings, and adept at effectively managing all operations.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ General Management
  ★★★★★ Problem Solving Skills
  ★★★★★ Business Development Strategies
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2016 – Present
    General Manager at H&M, White Plains
      
  Served as a successful leader, promoting and achieving store success.
  Encouraged employees to do their best and increased store productivity immensely.
  Identified and maximized sales opportunities and increased customer retention rates.
  Successfully handled visual merchandising and worked to promote company vision.
  Led recruitment efforts and training of new employees.


  * September 2014 – September 2016
    Assistant Store Manager at H&M, White Plains
      
  Provided optimal assistance to the General Manager and handled a variety of tasks.
  Assisted with recruitment and training of new employees, while also monitoring the productivity of current employees.
  Worked to ensure a neat and attractive sales environment and assisted in the setup of visual displays.
  Handled work logs and the organization of employee files.
  Assisted with payroll and distributed paychecks to employees.


  * May 2011 – August 2014
    Sales Associate at The Guilded Lynx, 
      
  Served as an enthusiastic and knowledgeable Sales Associate in this high-end jewelry boutique.
  Remained informed and up to date on the current stock and offerings.
  Answered all customer queries with friendliness and expertise.
  Worked to provide optimal browsing and buying experiences for all visitors and customers.



EDUCATION
  * August 2003 – May 2007
    Purchase College, Purchase Associate of Communications
  * May 1999 – September 2003
    White Plains High School, White Plains High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Dorothy Linthrop from H&M
    dlinthrop@hmnewyork.org
    914-982-2281
  * Jack McDowe from H&M
    jmcdowe@hmnewyork.org
    914-982-3301
  * Lindsey Friar from State University of New York at Purchase
    lindsey@sunypurchase.edu
    914-982-0121

