Rami Shoula
Inbound Customer Service Agent


Experienced and skillful Inbound Customer Service Agent providing high quality service to callers, working address and meet all needs. Adept at following communication scripts to properly handle various needs in a poised and professional manner. Proven track record of serving as an effective liaison between companies and their potential and current clients. Works to keep and increase customer satisfaction with every phone call. Understands the importance of delivering the mission of a brand with each and every action and interaction that takes place involving customers. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★☆ Patience
  ★★★★★ Fast Typing Skills
  ★★★★★ Resourceful
  ★★★★★ Bilingual

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2015 – September 2019
    Customer Service Agent at EMS Call Center, Los Angeles
      Worked productively to determine the needs of customers and fast track solutions to those needs. Answered inquiries by effectively researching, locating, and relaying information to customers. Maintained call center database by collecting and recording information. Continually worked to enhance call center's reputation by providing quality and timely service. Attended educational seminars to improve knowledge and skills. 

  * October 2013 – September 2015
    Customer Service Agent at Xylo Corporation, Santa Barbara
      Address all customer service queries in a polite, accurate, and timely fashion. Worked well with upper management to ensure ultimate customer satisfaction. Achieved a customer satisfaction rating of 97% within 8 months of employment. Received the Customer Service Agent of the quarter award twice. Helped to maintain and increase customer loyalty by placing follow up calls and expressing consideration for customers. 

  * August 2011 – October 2013
    Front Desk Associate at Hilton, Arizona
      Greeted all customers with a smile and enthusiasm. Answered all customer queries to the best of my ability. Researched and stayed up to date on all hotel offerings and promotions. Booked rooms, assisted with check out, and sold rooms to walk-in customers. Scheduled cleaning and maintenance of rooms. Managed a group of four associates and worked to enhance our overall productivity. Worked to promote the Hilton brand by providing the best customer service possible. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2012
    Arizona State University, Tempe B.S. in Communications
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Tempe High School, Tempe High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Cora jones from EMS Call Center
    cjones@emscall.com
    317-989-1127
  * Roger Fue from Xylo Corporation
    rfue@xylo.com
    516-981-2317
  * Cameron Holte from Hilton
    cholte@hilton.com
    212-319-1922

