Rami Shoula
Server


Professional and enthusiastic food server with over three years of experience delivering first-class service to dining patrons in busy restaurants at banquets. Upbeat energy, confidence and poise have earned praise from employers and customers alike, along with my ability to multitask and work well under pressure. Extremely customer-focused and dedicated to maintaining restaurant and food industry standards, while enhancing the positive reputation of dining establishments.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ French
  ★★☆☆☆ Russian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Food Safety Practices
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Friendly and Outgoing Attitude 
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2017 – Present
    Server, Roister at , Chicago
      
  Recorded food and drink orders and served customer requests to the highest standards.
  Maintained full product knowledge of menu and specials.
  Made suggestions to customers based on preferences.
  Committed member with other restaurant professionals to ensure customer satisfaction.
  Always mindful of sanitation and safety considerations when handling food. 


  * March 2016 – February 2017
    Server, Little Goat at , Chicago
      
  Efficient and effective customer service contributed to improved rates of return business.
  Passed food orders through to kitchen staff clearly and quickly
  Cleaned and reset tables promptly and efficiently for incoming customers, with a noticeable impact on reduced wait times. 
  Helped managers train new serving staff. 


  * July 2012 – June 2014
    Barista and Cashier, Pour Cleveland at , Cleveland
      
  Prepared specialty coffee and tea beverages in a fast-paced environment
  Provided excellent customer service 
  Played integral team role to efficiently complete orders and maintain the cafe's pristine conditions and orderly workflow. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2016 – Present
    Art Institute of Chicago, Chicago Associate of Photography

    Merit Scholarship Recipient, graduation 2018
  * August 2012 – May 2016
    John F. Kennedy High School, Cleveland Honors Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Eddie Fisher, Roister from 
    ed.fisher23@yahoo.com
    (312)332-2567
  * Cecile DiMaggio, Roister from 
    ceciledi@gmail.com
    (312)889-4578
  * Frank Gonzalez, Little Goat from 
    gonzalez.frank@littlegoat.com
    (312)556-3488

