Rami Shoula
Quality Assurance Administrator


Experienced and reliable Quality Assurance professional with over ten years of experience working in companies to ensure the highest quality outcomes possible. Adept in providing suggestions and solutions to improve and enhance productivity. Bringing forth a seasoned history of helping companies to achieve success and improve efficiency. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Italian
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented
  ★★★★★ Teamwork Skills
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Skills
  ★★★★★ Problem Solving Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2012 – September 2019
    Quality Assurance Administrator at Rejuvenate Products, Miami
      Inspected material prior to production to ensure authenticity and quality. Performed tests on all devices prior to and during production.Monitored and tested equipment prior to recording data. Reported any issues to senor management immediately.Made suggestions to enhance the safety and efficiency of products. Removed products and materials that failed to meet established guidelines.

  * May 2008 – July 2012
    Quality Assurance Analyst at First Line Manufacturing, Fort Lauderdale
      Studied blueprints and operations prior to performing inspections. Used a combination of handheld and electronic inspection equipment. Recorded inspection results and prepared detailed reports. Offered suggestions to enhance the safety and overall quality of products. Worked with senior executives to develop problem-solving strategies. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    University of Miami, Miami Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2000 – May 2004
    St. Anne's Preparatory School, Jacksonville High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Dimitri Voudris from First Line Manufacturing
    dvoudris@firstline.org
    305-449-3112
  * Michelle Hovanoff from Rejuvenate Products
    mhmanager@rejuvenateyou.com
    305-448-2121
  * Lindsey Willingham from Rejuvenate Products
    lwdirector@rejuvenateyou.com
    305-442-1773

