Rami Shoula
Electrical Engineer


Innovative Electrical Engineer with a proven track record of evaluating electrical systems and applying knowledge of electricity and materials in a beneficial way. Adept in carefully diagnosing and assessing issues, and offering real viable solutions. Skilled in design, prototyping, and testing. Committed to working as a collaborative and positive team member, striving to utilize my knowledge and expertise for optimal engineering results. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ German
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Critical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Circuit Design
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Technical Diagrams
  ★★★★★ Decision Making Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2011 – August 2019
    Electrical Engineer at Central Vico Systems, Los Angeles
      Oversaw and planned electrical specifications for new systems. Created and implemented test plans. Worked to create improvements that optimized production. Accurately diagnosed and directed system issues. Managed the diagnosis and repair of electrical circuits and wiring. 

  * March 2008 – July 2011
    Electrical Engineer at Gonan International, San Francisco
      Collaborated with other engineers to ensure safe production processes. Performed preventative maintenance and tested equipment. Utilized my knowledge of power and distribution systems, circuit calculations, and instrumentation.Routinely used tools such as oscilloscopes, function generators, and LCR meters. Worked with other engineers to solve problems and enhance processes.


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2008
    Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta Master of Electrical Engineering
  * August 2000 – May 2004
    University of Michigan, Ann Arbor Bachelor of Electrical Engineering 

REFERENCES
  * Jack Hydenson from Gonan International
    hydenson@gonanint.org
    310-283-2298
  * Claire Doherty from Gonan International
    cdoherty@gonanint.org
    310-394-0994
  * Roger Madaro from Central Vico Systems
    madaro.r@centralvico.com
    310-445-8653

