Rami Shoula
Claims Adjuster 


Dynamic Claims Adjuster with drive and experience providing a superior level of customer service to clients. Bringing forth the ability to properly investigate a situation and resolve claims quickly in accordance with company and regulatory guidelines. Demonstrating consistent execution of best claim practices and a commitment to industry and company ethics. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented
  ★★★★★ Investigation Skills
  ★★★★★ Data Collection and Analysis Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2016 – February 2019
    Claims Adjuster at Denver Insurance, Denver
      
  Identified and assessed auto damage and informed clients about necessary repairs.
  Communicated with police holders, clients, police, and necessary parties.
  Performed thorough inspection of vehicles and created appropriate estimates.
  Worked closely with body shops and automobile professionals to discuss and negotiate repair pricing and assess liability.
  Aimed to provide clients with the highest level of customer service possible. 


  * July 2013 – April 2016
    Auto Damage Claims Adjustor  at GEICO, Denver
      
  Met with clients at specific locations to assess auto conditions.
  Communicated with Insurance Companies and Auto Companies regarding the vehicle's condition and damages. 
  Worked one-on-one with clients to achieve the highest rates of customer satisfaction possible. 
  Provided clients with information regarding their rights and procedure guidelines. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2013
    Colorado College, Colorado Springs Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Summit High School, Breckenridge High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Terry Cooke from GEICO
    cooke.terry@geico.com
    516-667-3547
  * Russell Navarro from Colorado Claims Association
    rnavarro@ccaclaims.org
    917-665-0303
  * Janelle Santari from Denver Insurance
    santiri.jan@denverinsure.com
    720-54-3778

