Rami Shoula
College Professor (Communications)


Dedicated and experienced College Professor with over five years of experience serving as a Professor in the Communications Department of Molloy College. A Communications Generalist, bringing forth knowledge from a variety of communication sectors. Adept in creating powerful curriculum in the fields of Journalism, Media History, Visual Communications, and Digital Media.  Adept at working with students to successfully prepare them for personal and professional success in today’s world. Knowledgeable and experienced in various educational philosophies, which best promote the overall experience of a student. A committed faculty member, passionate about working to further enhance the educational offerings of an institution. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Create Mindset
  ★★★★★ Superior Writing Skills
  ★★★★★ Classroom Management
  ★★★★☆ Communication Involvement

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2011 – June 2019
    Professor of Communications (Journalism and Digital Media) at Molloy College, New York
      Created powerful and compelling curricula for my Journalism and Digital Media Students, and promoted an open and interactive classroom environment for enhanced learning. Worked with a team to research and develop new learning material for students. Drafted and graded exam papers and evaluated student performances, assignments and classwork. Ran the Journalism and Digital Media Clubs, presenting students with more opportunities to learn about these communication mediums. Worked with other members of the college to establish more unity, and school enhancements whenever possible. Served as a Student Advisor, helping students to more clearly define and follow their academic path. 

  * June 2008 – June 2011
    Assistant Professor of Communications at Molloy College, New York
      Planned and implemented an inspiring curriculum that effectively introduced students into the world of Communications. Worked with diverse students and successfully contributed to the department's mission. Conducted research about Communications, and shared findings with the department heads. Continually offered a variety of teaching methods and curricular perspectives.


EDUCATION
  * August 2006 – May 2008
    New York University, New York Master of Arts in Media studies
  * August 2002 – May 2006
    New York University, New York Bachelor of Arts in Communications

    Graduated summa cum laude. 

REFERENCES
  * Dr. John Esposito from New York University
    jesposito@nyu.edu
    212-873-3384
  * Clifford Manuel from Molloy College
    cliffmanuel@molloy.edu
    212-982-2234
  * Dr. Regina Sanders from Molloy College
    rsanders@molloy.edu
    212-844-4657

