Rami Shoula
Research Assistant


Driven and enthusiastic research assistant committed to providing optimal research support that aligns with the mission and goals of an organization. Adept in assisting with the development of project procedures, data collection and the composition of status reports and presentations.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Data Analysis
  ★★★★★ Clinical Research & Development
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking
  ★★★★★ Biochemistry
  ★★★★★ Neurobiology
  ★★★★★ Agile Project Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2018 – January 2022
    Research Assistant at University of Connecticut, Storrs
      
  Researched and collected data through literature reviews while accurately cataloging citation information.
  Interpreted and analyzed data using scientific and statistical techniques. 
  Wrote and edited material for presentation and publication.
  Oversaw research and support staff regarding technical procedures and equipment operation. 


  * January 2017 – April 2018
    Research Assistant at Yale Behavioral Psychology Lab, New Haven
      
  Scheduled and coordinated research activities.
  Worked to ensure that results are compiled, analyzed and presented properly.
  Coordinated a range of academic programs and projects.
  Remained committed to managing all stages of research exploring issues of strategic management and the facilitation of cutting-edge science from conception through clinical trial to public benefit.



EDUCATION
  * September 2015 – May 2018
    Yale University, New Haven Master of Science in Neurobiology

    
  Graduated Summa Cum Laude
  President of the Department of Neuroscience Club

  * September 2011 – May 2015
    Cornell University, Ithaca Bachelor of Science in Biology

INTERNSHIPS
  * January 2014 – February 2015
    Clinical Research Intern at Cornell University, Ithaca

    
  Worked closely with clinical research faculty, administrators and staff to participate in managing all stages of research.


