Rami Shoula
Network Systems Analyst


Highly skilled and dynamic Network Systems Analyst, bringing forth the ability to effectively manage and oversee optimal network services for organizations. Adept in setting up administrator and server accounts, and experienced in managing the functionality of systems. Resourceful, and committed to continually advancing my knowledge of relevant technologies. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ German
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowledgeable about Hardware, Software, and Programming
  ★★★★★ Advanced Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Strong Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving Skills
  ★★★★★ Dedicated Team Player

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2016 – September 2019
    Network Systems Analyst at Seattle Information Technology, Seattle
      
  Maintained optimal network performance by performing network monitoring and analysis. 
  Ensured network security by developing network access, monitoring, control, and performing evaluations. 
  Worked to maintain the confidentiality of information and network data. 
  Perform troubleshooting to system failures and worked to find long-lasting solutions. 
  Tested and accurately configured software and maintained high functioning hardware. 


  * March 2019 – March 2019
    Network Systems Analyst at Skilljar, Seattle 
      
  Provided outstanding technical support to clients. 
  Performed regular data backups to protect the organization’s information. 
  Performed scheduled updates, routine maintenance calls, and made repairs when necessary. 
  Collaborated with the IT Team to ensure that security software was properly installed on all employee computers. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2014
    University of Connecticut , Storrs Bachelor of Computer Information Systems 
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    Glastonbury High School, Glastonbury High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Larry Hayes from Skilljar
    hayes@skilljarseattle.com
    206-554-4343
  * Amanda Saccomano from Skilljar
    saccomano@skilljarseattle.com
    206-334-3832
  * Rhavi Patel from Seattle Information Technology 
    patel.rhavi@seainfotech.org
    206-554-3211

