Rami Shoula
Civil Engineer


Dedicated and experienced Civil Engineer with extensive knowledge of engineering principles, theories, specifications, and standards. Bringing leadership, drive, and over seven years of experience to the table. Proven track record of finishing complex projects under budget and ahead of schedule. Substantial knowledge and experience with environmentally sustainable construction. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Principles and Practices of Engineering 
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Field Investigation Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2014 – September 2019
    Civil Engineer at Hexagon Corporation, Hartford
      Carefully managed projects so that milestones were met during agreed time and within budget confines. Attended meetings to discuss projects with clients, contractors, asset owners, and stockholders. Created detailed plans and frequently monitored progress to assure project goals were met. Ensured that building regulations were all met and provided thorough directions with any unusual or difficult engineering issue. 

  * August 2012 – August 2014
    Civil Engineer at Racon & Lewis Ltd, Danbury
      Planned and directed the execution of various projects, keeping economical, administrative, and physical requirements in mind. Trained incoming engineers to meet standards and protocol expectations. Wrote daily reports for accountability and quality assurance. Advised project managers on financial decisions regarding product costs. 

  * August 2009 – August 2012
    Junior Civil Engineer at Racon & Lewis Ltd, Danbury
      Assisted senior engineers with any and all tasks related to related to ensuring project success. Inspected all materials to ensure project specifications and quantities properly met. Thoroughly inspected all major structures and supervised any revisions made. Monitored construction and inspected installation of major systems. Assisted with and independently produced many Engineer reports. 


EDUCATION
  * January 2009 – January 2011
    New York University, New York Master of Civil Engineering

    Graduated with a 3.9 GPA.
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Manhattan College, Riverdale Bachelor of Civil Engineering

    Graduated suma cum laude. President of the Engineer's Society. 

REFERENCES
  * Paula Franson from Racon & Lewis Ltd
    pfranson@raconltd.com
    917-283-2288
  * John Cooke from Hexagon Corporation
    jcooke@hexcorp.com
    212-317-2743
  * Jaunita Banks from Hexagon Ltd
    jbanks@hexcorp.com
    212-317-2819

