Rami Shoula
Jewelry Designer


Innovative and passionate Jewelry Designer with over seven years of experience creating unique and powerful Jewelry for private clients and commercial companies. Wholly committed to using distinguished materials and expert craftsmanship. Experienced in working with a variety of the world's most precious materials, and transforming them into art.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * Portfolio: www.designsofkatelemieu.com

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Jewelry Design Skills
  ★★★★★ CAD Software 
  ★★★★☆ Welding Skills
  ★★★★★ Stone Setting Skills
  ★★★★☆ Time Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2015 – October 2019
    Jewelry Designer at Meagan Hoyt Inc. , Seattle
      
  Created unique jewelry accessories for the Women's Department of Meagan Hoyt Inc. 
  Designed and created custom orders for high level clients seeking specific details.
  Utilized CAD Software during the design process.
  Collaborated with the Creative Director to develop original and inspiring seasonal collections.
  Led the entire design process of multiple Jewelry lines from conception through production.


  * September 2013 – May 2019
    Junior Jewelry Designer at Leana Wilcox Jewelry, Seattle
      
  Assisted with jewelry designs, CADS, and specs for jewelry production. 
  Communicated with business partners overseas regarding production. 
  Reviewed samples and ensured goals were being met. 
  Worked closely with the head of design, and the president.
  Researched trends and provided creative input about color and design.



EDUCATION
  * September 2008 – May 2012
    Cornish College of the Arts, Seattle Bachelor of Drawing  
  * September 2019 – May 2008
    Bellevue High School, Bellevue High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Meagen Hoyt from Meagen Hoyt Inc. 
    mhoyt@meagenhoyt.com
    206-483-3982
  * Simon Wilcox from Leana Wilcox Jewelry 
    wilcox.simon@lwjewels.com
    206-443-2854
  * Dr. Peter Silvester from Cornish College of the Arts
    silvesterp@cornishcollege.edu
    404-546-3311

