Rami Shoula
Architect


Passionate and skilled architect with 5+ years of experience planning, developing and implementing exceptional architectural designs. Committed to high quality details and achieving client satisfaction every step of the way. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Architectural Design
  ★★★★★ Agile Project Management
  ★★★★★ Google Sketchup
  ★★★★★ AutoCAD
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2018 – February 2021
    Architect at Howard Beach Architecture, Cardiff
      
  Worked in high-end residential construction, providing optimal architectural design work for clients. 
  Collaborated with design consultants, subcontractors and clients to ensure that projects ran smoothly. 
  Served as an integral part of a design team to carry projects from freehand schematic design presentations to construction. 
  Developed spreadsheets and project timelines and communicated all necessary details to colleagues and clients.
  Demonstrated professionalism and a commitment to excellence at all times. 
  Participated in business development activities and advised regarding marketing pursuits. 
  Maintained strong relationships with clients and consultants. 


  * November 2015 – May 2018
    Junior Architect at Sky Line Architects, Manchester
      
  Coordinated with all engineering disciplines and external consultants. 
  Handled technical detailing and document production. 
  Participated in the conceptualization of design projects.
  Developed, prepared and coordinated presentation and documentation materials
  Prepared code and zoning reviews. 
  Worked collaboratively with principal architects and other project leaders. 
  Followed established standards for project production.
  Proficietly created visualizations with 3D modeling programs. 
  Communicated regularly to management and the project team with project updates.



EDUCATION
  * August 2011 – May 2015
    Manchester School of Architecture,  Master of Architecture (MArch)
  * September 2008 – May 2011
    University of Bath,  Structural and Architectural Engineering BEng (Hons)

REFERENCES
  * Phillip Banks from Howard Beach Architecture
    pbanks@howardbeacharch.com
    212-564-3244
  * Mary Lou DeBuois from Howard Beach Architecture
    mdebuois@howardbeacharch.com
    212-324-5644
  * Angelo Frasier from Sky Line Architects
    frasier.angelo@skylinearchitects.com
    917-435-2121

