Rami Shoula
Human Resources Generalist


Energetic human resources generalist with 6+ years of experience working within HR clinical teams, effectively managing multiple recruitment and retention priorities. Committed to channeling my passion for human resources to ensure department operations run smoothly and deliver maximum value to the organization. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian
  ★★★★☆ French

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Employee Relations
  ★★★★★ Employee Recruitment & Retention
  ★★★★★ HRIS Technologies
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Change Management
  ★★★★★ Training & Development
  ★★★★★ Employee Engagement

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2017 – October 2021
    Human Resources Generalist at New Orleans East Hospital, New Orleans
      
  Planned, developed and implemented an innovative program of recruitment and placement for hospital personnel.
  Managed the interviewing, screening and referral of qualified applicants.
  Worked collaboratively with management to promote a climate conducive to attracting and retaining personnel. 
  Provided optimal support to employees regarding various HR-related topics. 
  Played an integral role in the development and implementation of human resource policies. 
  Worked to foster high job satisfaction ratings by resolving issues promptly. 


  * November 2014 – February 2017
    Junior Human Resources Generalist at , 
      
  Provided full spectrum recruitment for all open positions as assigned by the human resource director.
  Meticulously sourced and screened candidate pools in an effort to provide hiring managers with high-quality candidates.
  Scheduled interviews and follow-ups, as well as on-boarding procedures for new hires.  
  Provided ongoing guidance to departments to ensure adherence to all company policies, regulations and laws.



EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2014
    Tulane University, New Orleans Bachelor of Art in Human Resources Management

