Rami Shoula
Operations Manager


Experienced and effective Operations Manager bringing forth valuable industry experience and a passion for management. Results oriented with a proven track record of improving overall operations within a company or department. Adept in analytical thinking, strategic planning, leadership, and the management of staff and procedures. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Judgment Skills
  ★★★★★ Strong Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Effective Management Strategies
  ★★★★★ Staff Organizational Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2014 – January 2018
    Operations Manager at New York University, New York
      Successfully led all daily operational aspects in the Human Resources Department of the undergraduate school. Managed and evaluated workflow and productivity, making changes where necessary. Developed and implemented performance standards and procedural changes to drive productivity and quality. Effectively directed and oversaw staff, designing schedules to meet the needs of the department as well as the needs of employees.

  * May 2011 – March 2014
    Assistant Director of Human Resources Department at New York University, New York
      Effectively helped to managed Human Resources concerns and department workflow. Developed and fostered positive relationships with University members and outside contacts to help achieve program objectives. Maintained extremely well organized records and handled all HR matters with confidentiality and the application of company standards. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2012 – May 2014
    New York University, New York Master of Management
  * August 2007 – May 2011
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Communications

INTERNSHIPS
  * January 2011 – May 2011
    Human Resources Intern  at New York University, New York

    Assisted with student issues and concerns by working to resolve them professionally and quickly. Served as a helpful assistant to all members of the HR department.

REFERENCES
  * Chris Nelson from Hunter College
    cnelson@hunter.edu
    212-337-3283
  * Debrah Laines from New York University
    laines@nyu.edu
    212-863-2291
  * Malcolm Holder from New York University
    holder@nyu.edu
    212-863-8311

