Rami Shoula
Retail


Motivated and hardworking Retail Store Associate with a love for fashion and design. Adept in working as a productive team member to meet the needs of customers and help to achieve sales goals. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Time Management
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Ability to Multitask
  ★★★★★ Customer Service
  ★★★★★ Fashion Styling
  ★★★★★ Marketing and Sales
  ★★★★★ Mathematical Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2018 – July 2021
    Retail Associate  at Hen & Henrietta , Santa Fe
      
  Greeted customers and worked to determine their needs in a professional and enthusiastic manner.
  Remained up-to-date on the latest store offerings, promotions, and sales. 
  Collaborated with team members to ensure day-to-day tasks were met with precision in a timely manner. 
  Utilized proper selling techniques and product knowledge to provide the best customer service possible. 
  Worked to keep the floor neat, organized, and well stocked. 
  Followed all store protocols and safety regulations.


  * April 2015 – May 2018
    Retail Associate at Maxwell's, Santa Fe
      
  Greeted customers promptly and with a friendly and engaging attitude. 
  Assisted customers in building great wardrobes by providing helpful service and advice. 
  Remained up-to-date on product features: colors, fabrics, fit, styles, care, etc.
  Handled check-out transactions and returns with accuracy and speed. 
  Complied with company policies and procedures and worked to ensure a safe and happy environment. 
  Initiated and assisted in store recovery as needed throughout the day. 
  Performed miscellaneous duties as assigned. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2020 – Present
    Santa Fe Community College, Santa Fe Associate of Business Administration

INTERNSHIPS
  * April 2015 – April 2016
    Fashion and Social Media Intern at Alexander Portner Designs, Santa Fe

    
  Assisted with email marketing strategies and other customer communications. 
  Monitored and uploaded merchandise to the website. 
  Conducted competitor analysis and shared relevant trends. 


REFERENCES
  * Joann Petit from Hen & Henrietta
    petit.jo@henhen.com
    505-789-1277
  * Cameron Phillips from Maxwell's
    phlp.cam@maxwells.com
    505-678-2177
  * Alex Moore from Santa Fe Community College
    moore_al59@santafe.edu
    505-435-2900

