Rami Shoula
Line Cook


Experienced and meticulous line cook seeking to implement my culinary creativity and industry best practices to ensure the ultimate dining experience for customers.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Food Safety
  ★★★★★ Fast Learner
  ★★★★★ Inventory Control
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work Under Pressure

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2018 – September 2021
    Line Cook at Down the Hatch, New York
      
  Prepared food in accordance with applicable federal, state, and corporate standards, guidelines and regulations.
  Prepared 15+ gastronomic menus according to recipes and instructions. 
  Efficiently operated and maintained kitchen equipment. 
  Set up and stocked stations with necessary supplies. 
  Successfully executed techniques under the direction of the sous chef and executive chef. 


  * October 2014 – June 2018
    Line Cook at DeVito's Ristorante, Hoboken
      
  Cooked and prepared food to be served complying with all sanitation, health, and personal hygiene standards. 
  Followed established recipes, portions, programs,and procedures.
  Properly assembled and plated food according to menu descriptions. 
  Fulfilled 200+ daily orders in a fast, efficient and timely manner. 
  Worked cooperatively with all restaurant employees. 
  Storied food properly and safely by checking dates and labeling items. 


  * September 2014 – August 2013
    Cook at Jamie's Pub, White Plains
      
  Assisted with preparation of salads, desserts and cold plates in a small tavern.
  Prepped ingredients for daily specials and followed recipes from head chef.
  Organized supplies, tools and dishes ahead of dinner rush.



EDUCATION
  * September 2015 – June 2016
    County College of Morris, Randolph Culinary Arts
  * September 2010 – May 2014
    Ridgewood High School, Ridgewood High School Diploma

COURSES
  * June 2014 – August 2014
    Food Truck Entrepreneur, International Culinary Center

