Rami Shoula
Procurement Manager


Effective and forward-thinking Procurement Manager, bringing forth valuable industry experience, and the skills to achieve real results. Adept in developing key relationships with strategic partners, and committed to working to ensure a company continually moves in the right direction. Bringing forth the ability to effectively oversee all processes related to the advantageous procurement of goods and services. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Polish
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Business Development Strategies
  ★★★★★ Accounting
  ★★★★★ Agile Project Management
  ★★★★★ Effective Communications and Negotiations
  ★★★★★ Market Research
  ★★★★★ Industry Knowledge

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2016 – September 2019
    Procurement Manager at DNC Industries, White Plains
      
  Managed all processes related to the planning and buying of goods and services.
  Worked to ensure budgets were being used wisely, and strategies were focused well.
  Identified areas needing improvement and offered real solutions.
  Achieved cost-effective procurement outcomes by establishing 	strong relationships with vendors and partners, and negotiating 	well.  	  
  


  * October 2013 – June 2016
    Purchasing Agent at DNC Industries , White Plains 
      
  Worked to develop and implement cost-effective purchasing strategies. 
  Strategically evaluated market conditions and approached varying suppliers prior to making purchases. 
  Monitored and expedited shipments as necessary. 
  Implemented effective negotiation strategies to close deals with the best possible purchase prices. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    Iona College, New Rochelle Bachelor of Business Administration
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Ursuline Academy, New Rochelle High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Bob Thompson from DNC Industries
    thompson@dncny.com
    914-554-8978
  * Claudia Chacano from Westchester Business Council
    ccmanager@westchesterbc.org
    914-334-6789
  * Ramone DiStefano from Iona College
    distefano@iona.edu
    914-564-7787

