Rami Shoula
Middle School Teacher


Dedicated and experienced Middle School Teacher with a passion for educating today's youth, and helping to support them academically, emotionally, and socially in the classroom. Adept at creating meaningful curriculum that meets all education standards and requirements, and engages the interest of students. Experienced at working with other teachers, school staff, and family members of students to ensure students receive valuable support from those around them. Knowledgeable and experienced in Common Core, test prep, and teaching advanced mathematics.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Curriculum and Instruction
  ★★★★★ Lesson Planning
  ★★★★★ Differentiated Instruction
  ★★★★★ Test Prep
  ★★★★★ Classroom Management
  ★★★★★ Formal and Informal Assessments 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2014 – September 2019
    Middle School Teacher at Plainview Middle School, Plainview
      Developed and implemented a solid and motivating curriculum for middle school students. Modified curriculum to meet the needs of diverse learners. Adapted lessons for advanced students as well as those with learning disabilities. Served as an encouraging mentor to all of my students, and monitored children with known issues. Integrated technology into the classroom and into lessons as often as possible. 

  * September 2013 – June 2014
    Middle School Teaching Assistant at Plainview Middle School, Plainview
      Worked with the head teacher to create invigorating and engaging lesson plans for 6th, 7th, and 8th grade students. Worked one on one with students who needed additional help. Developed and fostered positive relationships with students, teachers, school staff, and family members of students. Graded papers and assisted the head teacher with any paperwork, copying, and distribution of assignments or documents. Applied progressive classroom management techniques to foster a happy and safe classroom environment for all. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2011 – May 2015
    Iona College, New Rochelle Bachelor of Childhood Education

    Graduated summa cum laude. 
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Maria Regina High School, New Rochelle High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Dr. Claudia Van Dan from Iona College
    cvandan@iona.edu
    914-554-2536
  * Philip Jensen from Iona College
    pjensen@iona.edu
    914-554-9076
  * Donna Hayes from Plainview Middle School
    hayes@pmschool.org
    516-283-2828

