Rami Shoula
Legal Administrative Assistant


Highly motivated and dedicated Legal Administrative Assistant seeking to utilize my skills for the advancement of the next legal team I have the pleasure of joining. Adept in effectively managing a wide array of administrative responsibilities to support the success of a law office. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work Under Pressure
  ★★★★★ Administrative Skills
  ★★★★★ Advanced Knowledge of Legal Terminology
  ★★★★★ Project Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2016 – September 2021
    Legal Administrative Assistant at Ellis & Powers Attorneys at Law, New York
      
  Provided administrative support for the Staff Counsel Attorneys. 
  Entered and managed data, including pleadings, motions, and trial, arbitration and mediation letters. 
  Balanced conflicting priorities in order to manage workflow and ensure proper prioritization. 
  Monitored and routed internal/external client inquiries. 
  Handled calls in a timely manner and appropriately responded to routine inquiries. 
  Completed minor investigations and problem-solved efficiently. 
  Prepared filing forms for issue fee submissions and patent applications. 
  Undertook other duties as needed to ensure the firm operated efficiently. 


  * February 2013 – December 2015
    Legal Administrative Assistant at Peters, Schwartz & Clark, New York
      
  Oversaw administrative responsibilities for the General Counsel and Legal Department. 
  Performed legal research as needed. 
  Provided day-to-day word processing support. 
  Handled calendar management, invoice processing, and expense report processing.
  Assisted in the organization and maintenance of vital company records and documents.
  Ensured client billing is processed properly using daily time records. 
  Effectively managed additional projects as needed.



EDUCATION
  * June 2012 – December 2012
    Boston University,  Paralegal Studies
  * September 2008 – May 2012
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Arts in English Literature

