Rami Shoula
Data Enry Specialist


Highly skilled and dynamic data entry specialist with 6+ years of experience working with data entry systems to support and enhance business processes. Adept in maintaining organized filing systems by entering, reviewing and editing data to ensure completeness and accuracy. Experienced in Microsoft Excel and QuickBooks. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Touch Typing
  ★★★★★ Database Management
  ★★★★★ Agile Project Management
  ★★★★★ Coding
  ★★★★★ Administrative Support
  ★★★★★ Inventory Management
  ★★★★★ Cloud-based Systems
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2018 – January 2022
    Data Entry Specialist at Litchfield Movers Inc., New York
      
  Created and maintained customer logs and book-keeping spreadsheets.
  Entered and reviewed data updates in the system to ensure accuracy. 
  Prepared and organized documents for data entry. 
  Corrected and verified data from several different sources. 
  Filed information into spreadsheets and databases according to instructions. 
  Audited 5+ reports and spreadsheets monthly.
  Maintained the confidentiality and security of all data.
  Accurately reviewed and processed electronic files via software applications such as Microsoft Excel and Adobe Acrobat. 


  * June 2015 – March 2018
    Data Entry Specialist at HHS Group, New York
      
  Worked to help maintain organizational procedures for the membership and fundraising database. 
  Managed and coded hundreds of incoming electronic documents. 
  Collaborated with staff to review weekly data files for outgoing communications. 
  Adjusted and processed donations, records and files as needed. 
  Processed notes and feedback and entered appropriate data into the membership and fundraising database.
  Assisted with office projects and other duties as needed. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2014 – May 2016
    Mercy College, New York Associate of Arts in Communications

