Rami Shoula
Motion Graphics Artist


Skilled Motion Graphics Artist with vast experience creating motion graphics for television and film advertisements, and other electronic media purposes. Adept in communicating and collaborating with directors, project managers, and other creative professionals to ensure the successful completion of a job. Experienced in technical drawing, character development, 3D designs, and the utilization of animation technologies. Bringing forth the ability to effectively manipulate visual aspects of images to create the illusion of motion. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Creativity
  ★★★★★ Collaboration Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Complex Animation Software 
  ★★★★★ Technical Drawing Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Character Development Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Adobe Photo Shop, After Effects, and Illustrator 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2016 – May 2020
    Motion Graphics Artist at Century Graphics, Culver City
      
  Consulted with clients to gain an in-depth understanding of their needs prior to project initiation.
  Collaborated with Directors and Creative Professionals to outline and achieve animation goals.
  Utilized complex computer software and programs to create designs.
  Effectively utilized powerful typography in motion designs.
  Carefully applied story directions in the creation of motion graphics.
  Manipulated visual images to convey motion.
  Consistently brought forth a positive work ethic and a passion for my craft.


  * February 2013 – June 2016
    Graphics Design Assistant at Silver Elephant, Los Angeles
      
  Assisted designers with all department tasks. 
  Provided support during still and motion graphics projects.
  Utilized 2D Motion and Still Graphics during projects. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Graphic Design
  * September 2000 – June 2004
    Rye High School, Rye High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Donnie Fuller from Silver Elephant
    dfuller@silverelephant.com
    316-237-4377
  * Janice Lijon from Century Graphics
    janice.lijon@gmail.com
    316-212-3498
  * Arielle Savejo from Hunter College
    asavejo@hunter.edu
    917-432-2168

