Rami Shoula
IT Specialist


Quality-focused IT specialist with 6+ years of experience working with end-users and infrastructure support teams to deliver systems and application support. Committed to providing premiere technical support to executive-level customers, clients and vendors. CRISC certified.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Dutch; Flemish
  ★★★★☆ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Computer Networking
  ★★★★★ IT-technology Angular
  ★★★★★ IT-language JavaScript
  ★★★★★ Software Installation
  ★★★★★ IT Troubleshooting and Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Customer Support

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2016 – January 2022
    IT Specialist at Callubra, Seattle
      
  Provided on-site technical support for IT and AV infrastructure at various client locations. 
  Delivered all aspects of technical support including implementation of audio/visual and IT infrastructure at the facility. 
  Worked to troubleshoot technical issues for customers and internal clients. 
  Created, updated and adhered to procedural documents. 
  Provided technical support for servers and back-end network systems. 
  Worked cross functionally with other team members to deliver exceptional work and meet goals on projects in excess of 2 million dollars.


  * October 2013 – June 2016
    IT Support Specialist at Seattle Central College, Seattle
      
  Researched and recommend hardware and software purchases to support the college's IT goals. 
  Worked under the general direction of the Associate Dean and collaborated with other team members to provide exceptional IT support. 
  Maintained an accurate inventory of computers assigned to staff and faculty. 
  Worked independently to provide IT support for 10+ college software systems.



EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    Seattle University, Seattle Bachelor of Computer Science

CERTIFICATIONS
  * CRISC - Certified in Risk and Information Systems Control Certification, Seattle, 2017
  * Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA), Seattle, 2018
