Rami Shoula
Maintenance Manager


Experienced Maintenance Manager with a proven track record of providing exceptional leadership and direction of maintenance programs. Adept in setting priorities and coordinating repairs, installations, projects, and preventative maintenance. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ General Maintenance
  ★★★★★ Electrical Inspections and Repair
  ★★★★★ Leadership and Teamwork
  ★★★★★ Diagnosis & Repair
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Project Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2017 – November 2021
    Maintenance Manager at Telilly Contracting Corp., New York
      
  Effectively led and managed all functions and activities of the maintenance department. 
  Worked closely with the operations management team members. 
  Oversaw the annual budget decisions and choices regarding maintenance and supply costs. 
  Managed multiple shifts of maintenance and repair mechanics.
  Provided training for all maintenance and repair personnel. 
  Responded to situations regarding urgent repair needs and serviced minor issues or scheduled services accordingly. 
  Properly delegated work to employees in the maintenance department. 


  * April 2012 – June 2017
    Maintenance Technician at Sabasso Tiling Company, New York
      
  Handled all preventative maintenance and repair assignments with precision and care. 
  Effectively carried out maintenance work including plumbing repairs, the replacement of parts, and installation processes. 
  Managed painting projects and performed drywall/plaster repairs, patching, sanding, and general painting duties. 
  Cooperated and collaborated with other maintenance employees and effectively multi-tasked to get jobs done. 
  Utilized my knowledge of electrical maintenance and repair technology to service equipment and systems. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2016 – May 2017
    CUNY LaGuardia Community College, New York Electrical 1 Training Program
  * September 2008 – May 2012
    Abraham Lincoln High School, New York High School Diploma

CERTIFICATES
  *  Certified Maintenance and Reliability Professional Certification, New York, 2017
