Rami Shoula
Office Secretary


Experienced and self-motivated Office Secretary with ten+ years of industry experience overseeing the main offices of schools. Highly competent communicator skilled in multitasking and effectively communicating with others. Bringing forth a proven track record of successfully managing offices, and helping to lead school professionals to work toward reaching goals. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Superior Administrative Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Bookkeeping Skills
  ★★★★★ Superior Multitasking Skills
  ★★★★★ Prioritizing Tasks	

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2015 – September 2019
    Office Secretary at The Hanover School, Rutherford
      
  Served as a friendly and helpful first point of contact in the Administration Office.
  Directed visitors to appropriate offices and school wings. 
  Answered phones and delivered important messages to school staff and students. 
  Scheduled school events and created and maintained the school calendar. 
  Processed payroll and distributed paychecks to employees. 
  Maintained inventory and ordered supplies as necessary. 
  Assisted school employees and parents of students with tasks as needed. 


  * November 2011 – June 2015
    Office Secretary at Maxwell and Hudson, New York
      Performed a variety of administrative duties, including answering phones, taking and delivering messages, writing memos, making copies, faxing documents, and greeting visitors. Maintained office schedules and filing systems. Handled office correspondence and incoming and outgoing mail. Managed office space and office equipment. Maintained work logs for office employees. 

  * August 2009 – October 2011
    Office Receptionist at Deerfield Plumbing, Rutherford
      Greeted visitors, checked them in and out, and answered all questions and inquiries. Handled payments and filed all financial transactions and receipts. Edited and proofread written advertisements and submitted them to local newspapers. Made copies, faxed documents, and provided optimal administrative support to employees. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2010 – June 2012
    Hunter College, New York Associate of Business Administration
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Lincoln High School, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Cecile Avis from Maxwell and Hudson
    cavis@gmail.com
    212-982-2029
  * Donald D'Amato from Maxwell and Hudson
    ddamato@maxhudson.org
    212-982-2022
  * Christine Levy from The Hanover School
    levy@hanoverschool.edu
    201-283-3314

