Rami Shoula
Costume Designer


Passionate and experienced Costume Designer with a multifaceted background in costume design for stage productions and film. Adept in communicating with Directors and other creative professionals to ensure their vision is fulfilled and enhanced through extraordinary costume design. Bringing forth a commitment to creating powerful costumes that enhance productions, strengthen characters, and entice viewers. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * Costume Design Portfolio: www.marahscostumes.com
  * LinkedIn Profile: www.linkedin/marah.com

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Seamstress
  ★★★★★ Wig Design
  ★★★★★ Era Costumes
  ★★★★★ Character Portrayal 
  ★★★★★ Set Design
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2013 – September 2019
    Costume Designer at The Stockholm Theatre Company, New York
      Carefully assessed stories and scripts to determine costume needs prior to planning construction. Worked with show Directors and Actors to create costumes with their visions in mind. Created neat and organized costume plots. Worked with the schedule and budget in mind at all times. 

  * July 2008 – June 2013
    Costume Designer/ Assistant Set Designer at Turnabout Theatre, New York
      Illustrated costumes to convey overall look of characters. Produced costumes for all actors. Assisted with set design plans and creation. Collaborated with other creative professionals to complete projects in a timely and organized manner. Planned all on-stage costume changes. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2010
    NYU Tisch School of the Arts, New York Master of Arts in Costume Studies
  * August 2003 – May 2007
    NYU Tisch School of the Arts, New York Bachelor of Acting 

REFERENCES
  * John Monagan from The Stockholm Theatre Company
    monagan27@stockholmtheatre.com
    212-384-1123
  * Lindsey Reese from Turnabout Theater
    lreese@turnabouttheater.org
    212-334-5677
  * Kara Rodinsky from The Players Club
    rodinsky.kara@theplayersclub.com
    212-998-4667

