Rami Shoula
Event Planner


Passionate and experienced Event Planner bringing forth several years of experience planning, coordinating, and overseeing various sorts of events. Adept at full event management, assisting clients from event conception to fruition. Detail oriented and able to manage several projects at once. Experienced in developing strong and fruitful relationships with clients and vendors. Wholly focused on client satisfaction and event success. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Visual Design Skills
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Planning Skills
  ★★★★★ Adaptability

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2013 – October 2019
    Event Planner at Jaycee's Events, New York
      Interviewed clients to assess their desires and needs regarding their event. Created client files and maintained meticulous organization of event documents. Directed the planning and execution of all aspects pertaining to events. Developed and maintained strong relationships with several vendors during a span of five years. Carefully managed budgets and schedules. Worked to provide extraordinary planning services to clients and achieve high levels of client satisfaction. 

  * March 2009 – March 2013
    Wedding Planner at North Star Wedding Services, Boston
      Met with clients to provide an initial consultation regarding their Wedding. Showed clients various slideshows for inspiration. Worked with clients tirelessly to ensure they felt fully supported and at ease during the time before the wedding. Scheduled vendor appointments, handled follow-ups, picked up items, and coordinated with other professionals to guarantee a seamless event day. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Boston College, Boston Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    St. Catherine's Academy, Boston High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2008 – March 2009
    Intern  at Springfield Events, Boston

REFERENCES
  * Jaycee Smith from Jaycee's Events
    jaycee@jayceesevents.com
    212-283-0922
  * Max Quinn from North Star Wedding Services
    maxq@northstarwed.org
    781-228-3451
  * Dr. Desmond DeMaria from Boston College
    demaria@bostoncollege.edu
    781-226-3736

