Rami Shoula
Interior Decorator


Innovative and experienced Certified Interior Decorator with several years of experience working with clients to fulfill their decorating and design goals. Bringing forth a passion for décor and an eye for achieving the ultimate “wow” factor for interior spaces. Committed to combining functionality with aesthetically pleasing décor. Adept in handling all aspects of planning and decorating from conception to completion. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Decorating and Design Skills
  ★★★★★ Residential Decorating
  ★★★★★ Commercial Decorating
  ★★★★★ AutoCAD
  ★★★★★ Hand Drafting
  ★★★★★ Project Management 
  ★★★★★ Budgeting 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2011 – Present
    Interior Decorator at Jan's Designs, Burbank
      Worked with clients to understand needs and desires related to interior decoration. Formulated design plans that were functional and aesthetically pleasing.Achieved budget goals and kept careful documentation of plans and orders.Presented clients with a variety of options for color schemes, lighting design, decorative accessories, furniture placement and more.Managed all client billing and accounts.Presented clients with unique pieces to achieve their ultimate decorating goals.

  * August 2008 – June 2011
    Assistant Designer at Henfield Designs, Burbank
      Assisted the lead designer with day-to-day tasks to ensure organization and productivity. Greeted clients and handled correspondence between the designer and clients. Maintained records and documentation of orders. Handled administrative and clerical tasks, in addition to billing. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2007
    The Online Interior Decorating Program,  Interior Decorator Certification
  * August 2002 – May 2006
    Hartwick College, Hartwick Bachelor of Communications

REFERENCES
  * Miriam Preseley from 
    mpreseley@yahoo.com
    917-229-3942
  * Jordan Vasquez from 
    vasquezj@gmail.com
    212-874-4432
  * John Lowenthal from The Online Interior Decorating Program
    lowenthal.john@oidp.org
    212-533-2891

