Rami Shoula
Academic Librarian


Experienced Librarian with over seven years of experience working in Higher Education library settings. Adept in cataloging books, maintaining library supplies, updating records, and assisting students and faculty with finding library books and resources. Bringing forth a love of academia and books, combined with a true passion for helping others.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Library Technology
  ★★★★★ ISBN Cataloging
  ★★★★★ Excellent Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Strong Interpersonal Communication Skills 
  ★★★★★ Academic Research Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2013 – September 2018
    Circulation Librarian at The William M. White Business Library , Boulder
      
  Assisted students with all library searches and library resource tutorials. 
  Worked ton catalog books and maintain library supplies. 
  Assisted Faculty Members with locating research materials and structuring assignments based on library resources. 
  Held technology training classes for students, faculty members, and library members. 
  Provided library orientations several times per year. 


  * August 2009 – August 2013
    Academic Librarian at John Hart Arts and Humanities Library, Denver
      Worked to ensure that library data and information remained up to date and available for convenient and reliable access.Updated records for the library's collections. Assisted students and faculty with using all library resources including computer programs. Maintained and enhanced library collections as needed. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2007 – May 2009
    University of Denver, Denver Master of Library and Information Studies
  * August 2003 – May 2007
    University of Colorado , Boulder Bachelor of English

REFERENCES
  * Joan Howard from John Hart Arts and Humanities Library
    jhoward@johnhartlibrary.org
    720-943-3737
  * Madison Lehy from John Hart Arts and Humanities Library
    mlehy@johnhartlibrary.org
    720-943-4451
  * Dr. Richard Sawyer from The William M. White Business Library 
    sawyer.richard@wmwblibrary.com
    720-997-2291

