Rami Shoula
Food Service Worker


Skilled and reliable Food Service Worker committed to supporting the ultimate customer experience. Adept in performing all tasks related to food service including food surface sanitation, preparation, and adherence to all food safety protocols and guidelines. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: Reading, Hiking, Rowing

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★☆ French

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Adaptability
  ★★★★★ Fast Learner
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work in a Team
  ★★★★★ Food Preparation
  ★★★★★ Customer Service
  ★★★★★ Food Safety

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2017 – June 2021
    Food Service Worker at The Culinary Experts , Chicago
      
  Served as a dedicated and punctual Food Service Worker in one of the area's most popular dining halls. 
  Properly sanitized food stations and dining areas to meet safety guidelines. 
  Complied with all state, Federal, and local health department requirements for safe food handling. 
  Prepared and served food according to menus and customer requests. 
  Attended all mandatory training classes. 
  Checked inventory and made note of needed supplies. 


  * April 2015 – December 2016
    Cashier at ABC Market, Chicago
      
  Worked to ensure an accurate and pleasant check-out experience. 
  Adhered to all company rules and policies. 
  Utilized excellent customer service skills to achieve high customer satisfaction rates. 
  Ensured compliance with sanitation and safety requirements.
  Interacted with customers and resolved customer complaints in a friendly and helpful manner.
  Performed accurate and fast sales transactions.



EDUCATION
  * September 2011 – May 2015
    Libertyville High School, Libertyville High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Janet Montesano from ABC Market 
    montesano_j@abcchicago.com
    312-456-8900
  * William Moore from The Culinary Experts 
    m_will@culinaryexperts.com
    773-234-5433
  * Christian Jacobs from The Culinary Experts
    j_chris@culinaryexperts.com
    773-234-5477

