Rami Shoula
Freelance Writer


Passionate Freelance Writer with several years of experience writing for a variety of businesses, platforms, and media sources. Adept in developing original content based on the needs of a client, and committed to writing with integrity and a dedication to craft. Bringing forth valuable experience serving as a content creator for high-traffic blogs and websites. Capable of writing about a variety of topics and skilled in performing research and achieving ultimate preparedness for a job.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Writing Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Spelling and Grammar
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Research Skills
  ★★★★★ Interview Skills
  ★★★★★ Content Creation Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2014 – May 2020
    Freelance Writer at New York Writes, New York
      
  Worked to deliver interesting and innovative blog content on a weekly basis.
  Performed interviews and compiled data in an organized way.
  Worked to foster relationships with people who provide information for articles.
  Connected with readers and monitored feedback from them.
  Remained in close contact with the website developer about needs and goals.
  Effectively managed my time and continually worked to deliver compelling creative content.


  * February 2002 – July 2014
    Contributing Writer at Queens Tribune, New York
      
  Researched topics and delivered materials to Editors in a timely manner. 
  Interviewed people and aimed to provide honest and authentic accounts of events. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Hofstra University,, Hempstead Associate of Communications
  * September 1997 – May 2001
    St. Peter's Academy, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Alisha DeCicco from New York Writes
    decicco.alisha@gmail.com
    917-546-5888
  * Simeon Goldstein from Freelancers Union
    simeong@freelanceunyc.com
    212-456-8932
  * Cara Fitzgerald from Freelancers Union
    caraf@freelancersunyc.com
    917-543-3811

