Rami Shoula
Factory Worker


Task-driven Factory Worker with a strong aptitude for multitasking and ensuring accuracy and precision. Adept in working in manufacturing/processing environments and adhering to all workplace safety regulations.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Portuguese
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Critical Thinking and Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Fast Learner
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work in a Team
  ★★★★★ Effective Time Management
  ★★★★★ Ability to Multitask
  ★★★★★ Machine Operator Skills
  ★★★★★ Workplace Safety Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2014 – April 2020
    Factory Worker at Boise Textiles, Boise
      
  Reviewed daily production schedules and completed jobs by their due date. 
  Safely unloaded and loaded products from pallets.
  Supplied production lines with adequate materials. 
  Selected fabrics for work and inspected for quality. 
  Ensured accurate measurements to achieve sizing accuracy. 
  Approached each job with a dedication to detail, quality, and productivity to meet and exceed textile expectations.


  * October 2011 – March 2014
    Production Worker at Ameco Chocolates, Twin Falls
      
  Operated all equipment and machinery according to manufacturing instructions. 
  Attended team and company meetings as well as safety training classes. 
  Communicated with other Production Workers, Team Leaders, and Quality Assurance and Food Safety personnel.
  Maintained proper sanitation levels.
  Remained dedicated to the vision and mission of the brand. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Twin Falls High School, Twin Falls High School Diploma

COURSES
  * 
    Occupational Safety and Health Standards for General Industry, 

REFERENCES
  * Julian Thomas from Boise Textiles
    thomas_j@boisetext.org
    208-345-4378
  * Mariah Santana from Ameco Chocolates
    mariah_sant@amecochoc.org
    208-345-8912
  * Avery Willis from Boise Textiles
    willis_a@boisetext.org
    208-345-1211

