Rami Shoula
Janitor


Dedicated and dependable Janitor with over 10 years experience in cleaning and sanitation roles. Highly motivated and adept in self-managed cleaning and maintenance schedules. Certified in HVAC repair and basic repairs using common tools. Committed to keeping my environment clean and buildings up to date. Friendly and open attitude towards everyone. Instilling a sense of pride in our community by keeping our environment clean.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Cleaning
  ★★★★★ Professional Attitude
  ★★★★★ Self Starter
  ★★★★★ Reliable & Punctual

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2014 – August 2019
    Janitor at Joel Barlow High School, Redding
      Managed and oversaw the janitorial program at a 62,000 square educational facility.Created and executed an exemplary cleaning schedule with a commitment to neatness and sanitation for all students and employees.Maintained HVAC system including repairs, preventative maintenance and cleaning.Facilitated the recycling program and sponsored the Recycling Club.Oversaw floor cleaning including sweeping, wet mopping, polishing, buffing, and shampooing the carpets.Took part in an educational program to teach kids about sanitation and waste management.Received Exemplary Citizen's Award for recycling program initiatives.Completed tasks per management's request in a timely manner.

  * June 2011 – November 2013
    Janitorial Assistant at IBM, Katonah
      Removed waste from 9 buildings on a broad corporate campus.Coordinated sewage line repairs as part of a larger program to update the infrastructure on campus.Received HVAC repair certification and am able to effectively manage an industrial system.Cleaned offices including desks, windows, chairs and counters.Set up and managed event programs including seating, tenting and waste.Managed the weekend restroom clean up that replenished every facility on campus with cleaning resources.

  * July 2009 – February 2011
    Cashier at Walmart, Houston
      Excellent math skills in a fast paced environment.Friendly, customer service oriented attitude.Proficient in Point of Sales systems.Maintained a welcoming check out area for customers.Experienced in identification of forged money.Knowledgeable in products across all departments.Adaptive to other roles as needed by management including shelf stocking and floral arrangement.


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    St. Louis West High School, St. Louis High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Tom Mason from Barlow High School
    tmason@barlowhigh.edu
    767-864-9257
  * Cheryl Dohorty from IBM
    cdoherty@ibmcorporate.com
    569-0276-9369
  * Alistair Smith from Levine Automotive
    alistair0294@hotmail.com
    298-0295-1294

