Rami Shoula
Marketing Manager


Experienced and energetic Marketing Manager with over seven years of experience effectively managing marketing projects from conception to completion. Adept in using digital marketing platforms to increase sales and overall company productivity. Experienced in preparing and overseeing online and print marketing campaigns, resulting in an increase in partner relations for the company. Adept in monitoring and reporting marketing objectives, to maintain necessary internal communications within the company. Pragmatic and result oriented, I am determined to build market presence in the next company I join.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Creativity and Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Digital Marketing 
  ★★★★★ Industry Trends & Sales Forecasting

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2011 – August 2019
    Marketing Manager at Zane Telecommunications, Austin
      Effectively managed creative projects, promoting a superior corporate image. Designed and implemented direct mail campaigns, resulting in a 10% sales increase per quarter. Developed and maintained internal and external relationships, which were crucial to company enhancement and success. Assessed the strategies of competitors, while avidly working to increase our own productivity. 

  * August 2009 – June 2017
    Online Marketing Consultant at Freelance, Telecommute
      Researched the motivations of users and consumers to better understand company goals. Put forth carefully planned strategies to improve company business. Fostering relationships to maintain existing clients, while developing new relationships to attract potential clients. Planned, executed, and led online marketing tactics, resulting in wide range company advancements. 

  * October 2009 – October 2011
    Sales and Marketing Director at Bee Hive Printing, Dallas
      Oversaw sales, marketing, and business development goals. Planned strategies to develop new markets for printing. Successfully planned and executed over 15 trade shows. increased brand presence, resulting in higher sales and more advantageous relationships. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – August 2012
    Harvard College, Cambridge Master of Marketing 

    Winner of the 2004 Hackley Fellowship. 
  * August 2005 – June 2009
    Brown University, Providence Bachelor of Finance and Business

    Graduated summa cum laude. 

REFERENCES
  * Joan Gray from Bee Hive Printing
    jgray@bhprint.com
    671-232-6584
  * John Gillins from Zane Telecommunications
    jgillins@ztcomm.org
    896-223-5637
  * Guy Manari from Brown University
    gmanari@bu.edu
    458-997-7812

