Rami Shoula
Office Assistant


Enthusiastic and committed office assistant with 18 years of experience providing superior organization and support to offices. Hardworking and diligent in fulfilling a full range of administrative tasks to optimize results

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Arabic
  ★★★★☆ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Diverse Administrative Support Skills
  ★★★★★ Advanced Technology Skills
  ★★★★★ Motivated Attitude
  ★★★★★ Inventory Control Skills
  ★★★★★ Strong Organizational Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2016 – Present
    Office Assistant at The DHB Building Group, Scottsdale
      
  Maintained organization in a busy office and assisted four associates in ways that streamlined procedures for improved efficiency.
  Sorted and distributed office communications in a timely manner. 
  Monitored office supplies, managed orders, and communicated with vendors to build dependable relationships and prevent stock shortfalls.
  Assisted the director of accounting with various bookkeeping tasks, including budget and report preparation.
  Implemented efficient organized filing systems that achieved a 30% reduction in paper usage within four years.
  Greeted and assisted onsite guests. 
  Acted as the point of contact between executives and employees/clients. 
  Oversaw clerical tasks of five staff members in three departments and ensured that office procedures ran smoothly. 


  * April 2013 – December 2015
    Administrative Assistant at Tezza Inc. , Tucson
      
  Assisted in achieving sales goals of this busy kitchen and bath product supplier, including surpassed growth targets for profits, repeat business and new customers.
  Provided general office-wide administrative support including: photocopying, scanning, e-mailing, filing; and data entry- often high volumes with short lead time.
  Greeted customers and visitors in a friendly and professional manner. 
  Answered and directed incoming phone calls, averaging about 250 a day. 
  Effectively managed inventory and orders, achieving reductions in delivery wait times of 23% and 33% fewer product returns.
  Assisted with special projects as needed, including client presentations and trade show exhibits.



EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    University of Arizona, Tucson Bachelor of Arts in Public Relations

INTERNSHIPS
  * October 2012 – March 2013
    PR Intern at Phillips & Phillips Relations, Tucson

    
  Provided exceptional support to the Public Relations team through a variety of tasks and special projects. 


