Rami Shoula
Store Manager


Experienced and results-oriented Store Manager with three years of managerial experience in retail environments. Motivated professional with strengths in supervising employees and promoting optimal customer service. Adept in employee relations, inventory organization, and visual merchandising. Prepared, organized, and trained in product knowledge and store regulations. Committed to creating an environment that is conducive to achieving increased sales and customer satisfaction. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Visual Merchandising
  ★★★★★ Payroll & Scheduling
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Leadership
  ★★★★☆ Strategic Thinking
  ★★★★☆ Conflict Resolution
  ★★★★☆ Project Management
  ★★★★☆ Time Management

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2014 – Present
    Senior Store Manager at Apple, Louisville
      Hired, trained, and developed employees for various positions throughout the store. Created and administered semi-annual performance reviews to a team of 85 employees. Led and executed bi-annual inventory overhauls for 3 years. Oversaw merchandising standards during new product launches.

  * October 2012 – April 2014
    Assistant Manager at Bose Factory Store, Louisville
      Supervised and trained team of 4 part-time and 3 full-time employees in sales, merchandising, and inventory controlImplemented and maintained visual merchandising specific to Bose Corporate standards. Developed weekly schedules per payroll guidelines while accounting for employee and store needs. 

  * February 2008 – January 2012
    Geek Squad Consultation Agent at Best Buy, Louisville
      Quickly determined customers needs, and developed a solution to fit the scope of issuePerformed trouble-shooting tasks on a range of devices and peripherals.Cultivated and maintained up-to-date industry and technical knowledge of all related fields to better solve customer issues. Educated and trained customers to troubleshoot devices when applicable to prevent unnecessary return visits. 


EDUCATION
  * May 2003 – August 2007
    Bellarmine University, Louisville Bachelor of Science, Computer Information Systems

    Minor: AdministrationDean's List 2006 &amp; 2007Presidential Achievement Scholarship

REFERENCES
  * Jaime Martinez from Bose Factory Store
    j.martinez@gmail.com
    (502) 493-4996
  * Roxann Villanueva from Apple
    roxannv@apple.com
    (502) 938-5291

