Rami Shoula
Agricultural Engineer


Innovative and experienced Agricultural Engineer with a proven track record of identifying issues and achieving solutions to increase agricultural productivity. Adept in communicating with landowners and businesses regarding appropriate land treatment, soil conditions and water quality. Experienced in repairing and improving crop facilities and committed to achieving the highest level of client satisfaction possible.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Dutch
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Critical Thinking
  ★★★★★ Engineering Strategies
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Biological Science
  ★★★★★ Extensive Knowledge of Agriculture
  ★★★★★ Decision Making
  ★★★★★ Problem Solving

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2016 – September 2019
    Agricultural Engineer at Frost Engineering Group, Fargo, ND
      
  Collected and recorded data pertinent to project goals and ultimate agricultural productivity.
  Consulted landowners and businesses about the needs of complex agricultural systems.
  Effectively utilized engineering strategies to address problems and improve efficiency and safety.
  Successfully handled several construction upgrades and repairs.
  Worked to ensure budgets were followed and client satisfaction was achieved.


  * September 2019 – June 2016
    Agricultural Engineer at Halstead Engineers, Waterloo, IN
      
   Effectively tested a variety of mechanical and electrical systems on agricultural and construction equipment. 
  Applied troubleshooting techniques where necessary.
  Documented and communicated test results.
  Worked independently and also alongside engineers. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – May 2016
    Michigan State University, East Lansing, MI Bachelor of Agricultural Engineering

REFERENCES
  * Ida Morris from Frost Engineering Group
    morris@frostengineers.org
    765-434-9832
  * Dimitri Ivanoff from Halstead Engineers
    divanoff@halsteadgroup.com
    765-221-9087
  * Maria Castanada from Michigan State University
    castanadam@msuengineer.org
    765-887-5633

