Rami Shoula
Business Development Manager


Experienced and effective Business Development Manager bringing forth valuable industry experience and a passion for management. Results oriented with a proven track record of improving the market position of a company and maximizing opportunities for financial growth. Adept in analytical thinking, strategic planning, leadership, and building strong relationships with business partners. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Business Development Strategies
  ★★★★★ Marketing Strategies
  ★★★★★ Research Skills
  ★★★★★ Campaign Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2013 – September 2019
    Business Development Manager at Amazon.com, Inc. , Seattle
      Developed and implemented strategic business plans and marketing strategies. Served as a passionate member of the Business Development team, helping to drive overall market and technical strategy.Identified specific prospects to reach out to, with an effective plan for communicating the specific value proposition for their business. Prepared and delivered business reviews to the senior management team regarding progress. Managed complex contract negotiations and communication with legal professionals. 

  * May 2011 – April 2013
    Business Development Associate at Nike, Inc. , Seattle
      Worked to identify and develop breakthrough technologies that create innovative products for our athletes. Worked with consumer expectations in mind at all times. Adept in working collaboratively with team members to design and execute innovative models that enhance manufacturing initiatives. Created and fostered long-lasting partnerships business partnerships that played a key role in company success. Successfully identified emerging trends and leading innovation, leading to successful business developments on our end. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2011
    Seattle College, Seattle Bachelor of Business Administration
  * May 2004 – May 2008
    Bellevue College, Seattle Associate of Communications

REFERENCES
  * Daniel Aston from Nike, Inc. 
    daston@nikeinc.com
    906-559-3329
  * Hannah Rossier from Amazon.com, Inc. 
    rossier@amazoninc.com
    906-522-2910
  * Nina Salve from Amazon.com, Inc.
    salve@amazoninc.com
    906-551-1828

