Rami Shoula
Digital Marketing Manager


Experienced Digital Marketing Manager with extensive experience building, maintaining, and running successful digital marketing campaigns. Bringing forth broad marketing knowledge, coupled with focused campaign experience. Adept at creating and implementing client-centered, successful campaigns, aimed at improving brand awareness and presence. Collaborative and creative manager accomplished at managing digital marketing presence content. Experienced in leading teams of marketing professionals to meet and exceed digital marketing goals. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★☆☆ Portugese

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Social Media Management
  ★★★★★ Adobe Creative Suite
  ★★★★★ Google Analytics
  ★★★★★ Content Creation
  ★★★★★ SEO Copywriting
  ★★★★★ Industry Trends & Sales Forecasting

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2015 – Present
    Digital Marketing Manager at Scorpion Internet Marketing, Denver
      Evaluated client websites for mobile performance and optimal search engine rankings. Developed unique content for a variety of clients sites to improve presence and brand awareness. Organized and analyzed data and marketing results.Researched keywords relevant to marketing efforts of clients. Introduced scheduled targeted email marketing programs. Managed a teams of marketing professionals to ensure the success of marketing campaigns. 

  * June 2014 – March 2015
    Marketing Research Specialist at Great Blue Research, Hartford
      Coordinated mailings, marketing materials, and website content. Edited and proofread copy. Generated invigorating social media content. Organized contracts, books, and filesWorked alongside marketing specialists and graphic designers. 

  * October 2012 – May 2014
    Writing Consultant at Yale College Writing Center, New Haven
      Worked with students of all writing levels and offered suggestions to improve their writing. Collaborated with other consultants and tutors to develop workshops for students and staff. Worked with international students as an English Language Resource specialist, providing optimal assistance and support. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2010 – May 2014
    Yale College, New Haven Bachelor of Marketing
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    Somers High School, Somers High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Reggie Martinez from Scorpion Internet Marketing
    rmartinez@scorpion.com
    (720) 622-5648
  * Rachel Respinelli from Yale College
    respinelli@yale.edu
    (203) 432-2233
  * Devon Hayes from Great Blue Research 
    hayes@greatblue.org
    273-191-0023

