Rami Shoula
Wedding Photographer


Passionate and experienced Wedding Photographer with over ten years of experience photographing weddings and providing clients with precious visual memories. Dedicated to working closely with clients to understand their photography goals and desires prior to their wedding. Bringing forth superior photography skills, knowledge of various photographic styles, editing expertise, and excellent customer service skills. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * Wedding Portraits: www.tracycaptures.com

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Wedding and Portrait Photography
  ★★★★★ Lighting Design
  ★★★★★ Artistic Vision

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2014 – September 2019
    Wedding Photographer at Jane Doyle Photography, New York
      Provided consultations with wedding clients to discuss photography desires and expectations prior to entering into a contract. Created slideshows and visual presentations to educate clients on styles, options, and inspirations. Used my advanced photography skills to produce high quality photographs. Photographed events in a professional manner, without disrupting the ambience of the space. 

  * June 2008 – April 2014
    Wedding Photographer at Marriot Events, New York
      Served as a staff Wedding photographer and worked alongside other staff to provide optimal customer service to clients. Organized and coordinated engagement and wedding shoot schedules. Used advanced techniques and methods to edit and maximize the visual presentation of images. Uploaded final images to private web galleries for client use and enjoyment. Worked to maintain positive client relationships, resulting in many client referrals. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2004 – May 2008
    Molloy College, New York Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2000 – May 2004
    St. Francis Preparatory School, new York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Ellen Meehan from Marriot Events
    emeehan@marriotevents.org
    212-384-4438
  * Joan DeFazio from Marriot Events
    defazio@marriotevents.org
    212-454-3221
  * Jane Doyle from Jane Doyle Photography
    janedoyle@jdphotogs.com
    212-855-6869

