Rami Shoula
Machine Operator


A dependable and attentive Machine Operator with 19 years of experience in industrial manufacturing environments. Well versed and knowledgeable in industry compliant safety standards. Certified in class-L machine maintenance and repairs. Managed and operated a variety of machines including moving equipment, direct feeds, radial drill presses, power presses and variable speed belt machines. Possessing a strong work ethic and commitment to efficiency and process. A team player with an upbeat attitude and a willingness to stay until the work is done.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Workplace Safety Standards
  ★★★★★ Advanced Mechanical Skills
  ★★★★★  Excellent Physical Stamina
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Hand and Power Tools

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2014 – September 2019
    Machine Operator at Catskills Products Inc., Bohemia
      Utilized a radial drilling machine as part of a 23 part production process on an automotive part manufacturing plant.Completed an average of 105 components per hour and identified an efficiency that led to a 23% production increase.Maintained specialty tools and repairs for a fleet of 13 milling machines under my direct supervision, including cleaning and part ordering.Received class-L machinery safety certification.Adept at machine set up and quality testing.

  * April 2006 – December 2013
    Machine Operator at Aztec Manufacturing Corp., Wichita
      Fed a direct feed machine in a manner consistent with a fast paced production schedule.A perfect attendance record.Created templates to use and fit molds into to produce less waste in the workplace. Logged over 5,000 hours on both a drill and power press performing repeated actions in a consistent and reliable manner.Certified in drill and power press safety standards and operations.Maintained a clean work environment free of debris.

  * March 2000 – July 2005
    Fork Lift Operator at Eagle Press Publishing, Weston
      Responsible for organizing and transporting all pallets of printed product onto delivery trucks in an orderly and timely manner.Implemented safety regulation standards to ensure a safe workplace.Identified issues and performed maintenance and regular repairs to machines as needed.Took receipt of and stored production materials in appropriate areas.Completed all daily and quarterly inventory reports.


EDUCATION
  * August 1995 – May 1999
    Catskill Senior High School, Catskill High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Tim Walters from Aztec Manufacturing Corp.
    twalters@yahoo.com
    937-394-3939
  * Carina McDoherty from Eagle Press Publishing
    carinam@epp.com
    463-294-3947
  * Tom Bilderly from Catskills Products Inc.
    tmild@catskillsproducts.com
    349-293-1293

CERTIFICATION
  *  Heavy Equipment Operator Training, ATS, Sun Prairie, March 1999
