Rami Shoula
Health and Safety Engineer


Experienced and accomplished Health and Safety Engineer with a proven track record of promoting optimal health and safety in industrial spaces. Committed to identifying and improving substandard processes, while solving safety issues. Experienced in ensuring optimal workflow and efficient production in large-scale printing facilities. Bringing forth an in-depth understanding of facility management aimed at improving safe work processes and functions. Adept in trouble-shooting and working to offer solutions. A strong leader with excellent communication skills and a commitment to teamwork.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Health and Safety Hazards
  ★★★★★ Engineering Principles
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Safety and Health Codes
  ★★★★★ Troubleshooting Skills
  ★★★★★  Effective Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * February 2016 – October 2019
    Health and Safety Engineer at Health and Safety Management, New York
      
  Performed thorough inspection of facilities and documented any concerns. 
  Researched proper functioning of machines and ensured their optimal functioning. 
  Created reports identifying potential hazards and offered solutions to rectify them. 
  Remained up-to-date with health and safety requirements and aimed to meet them at all times. 


  * September 2011 – January 2016
    Health and Safety Engineer at Accountable Engineers, New York
      
  Oversaw production to ensure safe practices and equipment function.
  Recommended changes and alterations of processes to improve safety and health outlooks. 
  Brought forth an in-depth knowledge of machine and chemical hazards, combined with the ability to troubleshoot and implement changes. 
  Used strong management skills combined with engineering principles to control safety and health initiatives. 
  Consulted with Maintenance and Operations professionals to ensure all processes ran smoothly. 
  Performed routine evaluations to ensure safety requirements were adhered to. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2007 – May 2019
    Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Engineering
  * September 2003 – June 2007
    St. Dominic Academy, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Kimberly Murphy from Accountable Engineers, LLC
    kmurphy@accounteng.org
    646-432-2321
  * Dimitris Ferdinand from Accountable Engineers, LLC
    ferdinand@accounteng.org
    646-987-5454
  * Hally Mostromano from Health and Safety Management
    hmostromano@healthandsafem.com
    212-364-4832

