Rami Shoula
Web Analyst


Experienced and adaptable web analyst adept in providing action-driven recommendations to improve website performance and user satisfaction ratings. Highly knowledgeable in web user behavior analysis and advanced web analytics management.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Italian
  ★★★★☆ Spanish; Castilian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Microsoft Power BI
  ★★★★★ JavaScript
  ★★★★★ Tableau Visualization
  ★★★★★ Adobe Analytics
  ★★★★★ Google Analytics
  ★★★★★ Strategic Thinking
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2018 – Present
    Senior Web Analyst at Cortez Financial, Baltimore
      
  Served as a senior team member, responsible for piloting and measuring web analytics.
  Functioned as a subject matter expert on digital implementation and measurement as they related to web analytics for 7+ Cortez Financial websites. 
  Analyzed consumer behavior to guide website content and design for optimal digital customer experience.
  Used data-driven strategic thinking to discover insights into website activity. 
  Monitored and reported results of website usage and any website tests or updates. 
  Collaborated closely with agencies and internal departments to troubleshoot and repair malfunctions and outages. 
  Understood and delivered clear verbal and written explanations of complex data and performance metrics to key stakeholders.


  * January 2016 – December 2018
    Web Analyst at Public Group, Baltimore
      
  Provided recommendations and ideas to improve marketing technology road maps.
  Worked closely with leaders across Public Group and helped to provide them with reliable insights using web analytics.
  Worked alongside data analysts and data scientists investigating and answering strategic questions that impact product and marketing strategies.
  Created and delivered monthly and quarterly business performance reviews to our clients and leadership.
  Executed client-facing responsibilities for the management and reporting of site performance, goal conversions, A/B testing and troubleshooting.



EDUCATION
  * September 2013 – May 2015
    Fordham University, New York Master of Science in Mathematical and Applied Statistics
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    University of Maryland, College Park Bachelor of Computer Science

