Rami Shoula
Facilities Engineer 


Seasoned Facilities Engineer with a proven track record of ensuring optimal workflow and efficient production in large-scale printing facilities. Bringing forth an in-depth understanding of printing and strong technical abilities relating to working with the machines used during production. Adept in trouble-shooting and working to offer solutions. Experienced in identifying issues and repairing mechanical and electrical defects. A strong team player with excellent collaboration skills, and a commitment to maximizing the production process within a facility.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strong Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Engineering Principles
  ★★★★★ Troubleshooting Skills
  ★★★★★ Vendor Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Maintenance Management Software 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2008 – May 2020
    Facilities Engineer at PepsiCo, Inc. , Harrison
      
  Oversaw production in a large printing facility, ensuring optimal equipment performance.
  Consulted with Maintenance, Engineering, and Operations professionals to ensure all processes ran smoothly.
  Performed routine evaluations to ensure safety requirements were adhered to.
  Communicated findings through written reports containing documented support.
  Suggested machine alterations and process changes to enhance productivity, cut costs, and improve the product.


  * May 2020 – May 2020
    Senior Quality Assurance Associate  at IBM, Armonk
      
  Maintained and monitored key quality systems. 
  Conducted system and GMP Training. 
  Represented the department during audits and inspections. 



EDUCATION
  * September 1995 – May 1999
    Hunter College, New York Associate of Business
  * September 1991 – May 1995
    St. Dominic Academy, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Barbara Christenson from Westchester Sports Arena
    bchristenson@wsportsarena.com
    914-239-2121
  * Nick Fredricks from PepsiCo, Inc.
    nick.fred@pepsico.com
    914-292-1213
  * Ciara Stevens from PepsiCo
    caira.stevens@pepsico.com
    914-219-2199

