Rami Shoula
Material Handler


Professional and trustworthy Material Handler with several years of experience handling various materials in warehouse and business settings. Adept at following safety guidelines to ensure the proper handling of materials and the protected safety of myself and other employees. Experience in handling heavy, hazardous, confidential, and fragile items. I bring forth attention to safety, accuracy, and communication. I possess excellent collaboration skills and a strong commitment to superior service. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★☆ Physical Fitness
  ★★★★★ Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented
  ★★★★★ Excellent Work Ethic

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2015 – August 2019
    Material Handler at Amazon, San Diego
      Receive products using scanners and unload shipments from trucks. Handled small and large packages with care and precision. Operated PIT commitment and worked in collaboration with other employees to ensure smooth working processes. Remained safety-minded, resulting in very little accidents and no lost time.Worked with a commitment to customer care and the Amazon mission. 

  * July 2011 – July 2015
     at Haystrauff Moving Company, Santa Cruz
      Worked with clients to ensure excellent customer service and a good return rate of clients. Moved high quality valuables with careful attention and a commitment to safety. Collaborated with other workers to ensure jobs were completed on time and correctly. Documented all shipments and deliveries. Maintained, inspected, and organized the warehouse. 

  * September 2010 – July 2011
    Material Handler at Whole Valley Foods, Los Angeles
      Maintained a clean and safe work environment. Handled all food and products in compliance with company safety and sanitary protocols. Worked well with other handlers and other department personnel. Put forth an excellent work ethic, taking only a lunch break each day. Honored my commitment to physical fitness, resulting in my ability to lift heavy items. Worked with 50 to 60 customers daily, receiving and loading material.Reported any hazardous or concerning items and or incidents. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2010 – October 2010
    E-Training Inc. , Online Associate of Material Handling
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    Santa Cruz High School,  Santa Cruz High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Dean Simmons from Whole Valley Foods 
    dean@wholevalley.com
    817-282-2552
  * Clare Mead from Haystrauff Moving Company
    mead@haystrauff.org
    716-282-2442
  * John Riordan from Amazon
    riordan@amazon.com
    888-182-8165

