Rami Shoula
Dog Trainer


Experienced and Certified Dog Trainer with a proven track record of achieving goals and resolving negative behavior patterns in dogs. Adept at assessing root causes of behavior problems, stresses, and social anxieties in dogs. Bringing forth experience working with many different breeds and ages of dogs, using positive reinforcement and a variety of training methods. Knowledgeable about proper nutrition, diet, and exercise for dogs, and committed to helping find the solutions they are looking for.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Canines
  ★★★★★ Training Fundamentals
  ★★★★★ Positive Reinforcement Techniques
  ★★★★★ Strong Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Patience 
  ★☆☆☆☆ Excellent Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2012 – August 2019
    Dog Trainer at DS Dog Training, Austin
      
  Worked with clients to tailor a program that meets the needs of them and their dog.
  Thoroughly evaluated behavior patterns in dogs and successfully identified root causes.
  Developed individualized training programs for dogs focused on reinforcing positive behaviors and diminishing negative ones.
  Worked with dogs to ensure they follow commands and socialize appropriately.
  Educated clients about at-home practices to strengthen positive behavior patterns.   


  * October 2007 – April 2012
    Canine Groomer at Petco, Dallas
      
  Worked with animals and owners to provide an enjoyable and satisfactory grooming experience. 
  Followed special instructions to ensure proper care was taken of each animal. 
  Utilized gentle grooming approaches and behavioral techniques to comfort dogs during the grooming process. 
  Maintained a clean and welcoming environment. 
  Sanitized grooming tools and kept accurate inventory of products. 



EDUCATION
  * May 2009 – May 2010
    Starmark Academy, Austin Canine Training and Behavior Specialist
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Dallas High School, Dallas High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Tina Mahoney from Petco
    mahoney@petcodallas.com
    469-332-1799
  * Jeremy Whiting from DS Dog training 
    whiting.jeremy@dsdogtraining.org
    512-221-4566
  * Melinda Banal from CTS Consulting
    banal.melinda@gmail.com
    718-221-6883

