Rami Shoula
Tour Guide


Energetic and resourceful Tour Guide with several years of experience accompanying clients on trips and to various locations in different parts of the world. Adept at performing research in an effort to make optimal travel plans. Experienced in organizing itineraries according to time frames, weather, and events. Dedicated to providing clients with the best customer service and travel experience possible. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Spanish
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Advanced Planning Skills
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Guided Tour Planning
  ★★★★★ CPR and First Aid Certified
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2015 – September 2019
    Universal Studios Tour Guide at Walt Disney World Resort, Orlando
      
  Greeted clients and developed itineraries based on their interests and needs. 
  Escorted clients through the real working movie studios.
  Provided clients with informative literature and provided access to special departments. 
  Showed clients around different points of interest and answered any and all questions to the best of my ability. 


  * May 2010 – March 2015
    Tour Guide at Orlando Trip Experts, Orlando
      Worked with clients to develop trip itineraries that made sense in terms of time, budget, and goals. Researched places to gather information about attractions, points of interest, history, weather, and other important facts. Effectively communicated with clients in English, Spanish, and Italian. Accompanied some clients on trips, serving as a translator and assistant throughout the trip. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2006 – May 2010
    University of Florida, Gainesville Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2002 – May 2006
    Jacksonville High School, Jacksonville High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Corrine Johnson from Alpine Ski Resort
    cjohnson@alpineski.com
    329-293-2213
  * David Miller from Big Reef Diving Company
    miller.david@bigreefdive.org
    908-283-9912
  * Nathan Magro from Travel With Ease Inc. 
    nmagent@traveleasy.com
    983-394-9485

