Rami Shoula
Product Manager


Skilled and experienced Product Manager with experience in product marketing, product introduction, and the overall management of a product's life from conception to fruition. Experience in assessing customer desires and requirements and generating a product that successfully meets those standards. Bringing forth the ability to determine product specifications, production timelines, and in-depth plans for product development. An analytical thinker who works collaboratively to get the job done. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinker
  ★★★★★ Effective Team leader
  ★★★★★ Solution Strategies
  ★★★★★ Customer-centric Selling

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2017 – September 2019
    Product Manager at Friends of Friends Forum, Los Angeles
      Successfully developed the latest platform of the internet sensation, "Friends of Friends". Developed relationships with partners and users to drive content and opportunity for the new platform. Established and monitored timelines in association with product launch. Assessed user feedback and lead initiatives for product adjustments to grow user base and overall user satisfaction. Led teams of designers, marketers, and developers in reaching product goals. 

  * October 2015 – September 2017
    Assistant Product Manager at Rycon Group, Los Angeles
      Assisted Senior Product Manager with all tasks related to the successful launching of products. Collected and analyzed user feedback and provided superiors with detailed reports. Researched market for unmet needs. 

  * September 2014 – September 2015
    Product Manager at Cylo Tech, Los Angeles
      Worked to improve existing products based on customer evaluations and needs. Led collaboration meetings to develop key processes for creation of new products. Successfully prioritized product requirements and set realistic expectations inr regards to development and timeline. Tested product usability with UX research team. Identified failures and successes of a product, using them as a springboard for future development goals. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2015 – May 2017
    UCLA, Los Angeles Master of Science in Electronic Engineering

    Graduated with Distinction. 
  * August 2011 – May 2015
    Loyola Marymount University, Los Angeles Bachelor of Science in Engineering

REFERENCES
  * Jillian Morris from Cylo Tech
    jmorris@cylo.com
    347-189-2783
  * Cameron Daye from Friends of Friends 
    cdaye@friendsof.com
    315-172-2736
  * Bill Howe from UCLA
    bhowe@ucla.edu
    315-283-2716

