Rami Shoula
Real Estate Agent


Passionate and dynamic Real Estate Agent committed to helping clients achieve all of their real estate goals. Adept in providing thoughtful guidance and assistance through every phase of the real estate process. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★☆ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of the Industry
  ★★★★★ Patience and Integrity
  ★★★★★ Negotiation Skills
  ★★★★★ Office Technology
  ★★★★★ Real Estate Software
  ★★★★★ Effective Communication Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2017 – July 2021
    Real Estate Agent at Eleanor Lane Agency , White Plains
      
  Developed and fostered strong relationships with clients by working to provide the best real estate experience possible. 
  Effectively utilized web-based tools to manage a database of customers and prospects. 
  Scheduled and managed appointments to show homes, and arranged meetings between buyers and sellers. 
  Advised buyers during home-visits and inspections. 
  Advocated for clients during sales negotiations. 
  Communicated with all involved parties in a timely and professional manner. 


  * October 2012 – June 2017
    Real Estate Assistant at Hathaway Properties, New Rochelle
      
  Handled a variety of administrative and clerical duties in a fast-paced Real Estate office. 
  Assisted Realtors and Brokers with the distribution of materials and handled various office transactions. 
  Planned travel arrangements, open houses, and meetings between buyers and sellers. 
  Coordinated marketing initiatives that supported the growth of the company.  




EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2012
    SUNY Westchester Community College, Valhalla Associate of Arts in Communications
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    Harrison High School, Harrison High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Barbara Faulkner from Hathaway Properties
    faulkner_barb@hathawaypro.org
    914-324-4399
  * Ed Sulley from Eleanor Lane Agency
    sulley_ed@eleanorlane.com
    914-546-8787
  * Michael Romero from Westchester Real Estate Council
    romero.michael@wrc.com
    914-544-7421

CERTIFICATIONS
  * Real Estate Certificate, , July 2013
  * Seller Representative Specialist, , April 2017
