Rami Wail Shoula

Cairo
+201119778840

I am a passionate voyager in the midst of an endless ocean of knowledge. Bachelor in Nanotechnology and Nanoelectronics Engineering. Game Developer at ITI Game Development Academy (GDA). Interests include computer programming, VLSI design, EDA tools, embedded systems, Internet of things (IoT), artificial intelligence (AI), mixed signals, IC design and video game development. Recently completed Deep Learning and Accelerated Computer Science Fundamentals specializations on Coursera. Currently pursuing Game Design and Development specialization on Coursera and have successfully completed the first course. 
I am always keen on learning the latest cutting edge technologies and am constantly on a path of self-improvement.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , Cairo, 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: Judgement and Decision Making

Strategic Project Management

Leadership

Entrepreneurship

Communication

Teamwork

ACHIEVEMENTS

British Council: CIPP Outstanding Achiever
2010 - 2011

Habitudes Leadership Training
2014

2nd place in Alabakera TV Show competition
2016

PROJECTS

ASIC Flow: Optimization of Power, Area & Frequency of a designed RTL Code using DC Compiler Tool.

Two-stage Operational Amplifier using CADENCE (Pre-Layout Simulation) 

Audio Amplifier Circuit – Design and Implementation using Cadence (Pre-Layout Simulation)

Analog to Digital Converter (ADC) using CADENCE (Pre-Layout Simulation)

Modeling a 90-nm NMOS and PMOS With COMSOL

Diamagnetically levitated electrostatic micromotor (DLEM) model and fabrication

Temperature Sensor based on Light Transmittance inside an optical fiber using COMSOL

NMOS Transistor Fabrication using SENTAURUS 

Write and develop C++ EDA tool to calculate connectivity matrix, partition, perform floor-planning and measure merits of each path.

Design RF / Mixed signals LNA in Cadence and ASITIC. Merits calculated for pre- and post- (DRC, LVS and PEX) layout simulation.

Adv. MEMS simulation of electrostatic microvalve.

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * romioshoula@gmail.com: romioshoula@gmail.com
  * s-romioshoula@zewailcity.edu.eg: s-romioshoula@zewailcity.edu.eg
  * in/romioshoula: www.linkedin.com/in/romioshoula
  * github.com/romioshoula: https://github.com/romioshoula
  * facebook.com/rami.shoula: https://www.facebook.com/rami.shoula
  * romioshoula.itch.io: romioshoula.itch.io
  * artstation.com/romioshoula98: https://www.artstation.com/romioshoula98

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Arabic
  ★★☆☆☆ French
  ★☆☆☆☆ German
  ★★★☆☆ Japanese

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Git
  ★★★★☆ Matlab/Simulink
  ★★★★★ C/C++
  ★★★★★ C#
  ★★★★★ Unity
  ★★★★★ Unreal Engine
  ★★★★☆ System Verilog 
  ★★★★★ Python
  ★★★☆☆ VHDL
  ★★★☆☆ HTML & CSS
  ★★★★☆ Javascript
  ★★☆☆☆ PHP
  ★★★★★ Verilog A
  ★★★★★ Cadence
  ★★★★★ Microsoft Office

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2020 – May 2020
    Summer Internship at Zewail City of Science and Technology · Part-time , Giza, Egypt
      Embedded Software and Hardware Internship:
Implementing real satellite Terminal Software. GSE, MPLS, SISAP communication protocols implementation. Hardware implementation of RTEMS on Xilinx zynq-7000 FPGA board.

  * January 2019 – December 2020
    Junior Researcher at Zewail City of Science and Technology · Part-time  , Alexandria, Egypt
      Design and implementation of T-shape microfluidic chip for use in micro-droplet and Janus particle formation. Simulation carried out on Cadence software. CAD tools utilized in modeling include SOLIDWORKS &amp; CORELDRAW software. Physical design laser-printed at Egypt Japan University (E-Just) for practical testing.

  * November 2021 – Present
    Game Developer at Information Technology Institute (ITI) · Full-time, Giza, Egypt
      9 months professional Training Program Student. Game Programming Specialization ITI - Game Development Academy (GDA) - Intake I42. A product based program that will empower you to learn the required skills and knowledge in all aspects of Game Development from the basics to the advanced topics, from a real-world industry perspective to develop 2D, 3D and XR game applications to build a top-notch portfolio.


EDUCATION
  * November 2021 – Present
    Information Technology Institute (ITI), Giza, Egypt 9 months Professional Training Program, Game Development 

    Courses/Programs covered include: -

   C++ Object-Oriented Programming &amp; Data Structures
  Visual C# .NET
  Game Design
  UI &amp; UX Design
  Computer Graphics &amp; Shaders
  Unity3D
  Unreal Engine
  Game Network
  Artificial Intelligence
  Virtual Reality

  * 2016 – 2021
    University of Science and Technology at Zewail City (ZC: UST), Giza, Egypt B.S.C in Nanotechnology And Nano-Electronics Engineering

    GPA around 3.0
Double Focus concentration:

  Nano-VLSI
  Nano-Fabrication and MEMS

  * 2015 – 2016
    M.S.G British International School of Egypt, Cairo I.G.C.S.E. High School Degree

    International General Certificate of Secondary Education.
GPA 4.0. Magna cum laude. 

INTERNSHIPS
  * 2020 – 2021
    Undergraduate Mems and Microfluidics Graduation Project With Excellent Grade at ZC:UST under supervision of Dr. Noha Gaber, Giza, Egypt

    Design of novel electrostatically powered peristaltic micropump with a single chamber and NED cantilever structure. A thorough fabrication recipe was developed. NED cantilever structure provided a permanent solution for pull-in effect in electrostatic based systems. Wide range of applications as it can be used in precise drug delivery/dosing systems, developing cooling systems for electronic systems, such as System-on-a-Chip and embedded systems, as well as Lab-on-a-Chip and testing kits. ITAC-CFP - ITIDA Funding.
  * 2019 – 2020
    ASIC Design And Implementation Of 32 Bit Mac Unit at ZC:UST under supervision of Dr. Hassan Mostafa, Giza, Egypt

    Cadence Virtuoso Simulation design and implementation of 32 bit MAC unit with pre- and post- layout merits (delay, power &amp;area)
  * 2021 – 2021
    Analog Mixed Signals 10-bit SAR ADC at ZC:UST under supervision of Dr. R. El-Damak, Giza, Egypt

    Design of a 10 bit ADC for wearable brain computer interface system using the 90 nm generic PDK on Cadence Virtuoso with 1 V supply with a 32 kHz sampling rate. Implementation of rate Successive Approximation Register (SAR) ADC, Sample and hold circuit (SHA) and Digital to Analog Converter (DAC). The ENOB and SNR are measured to be 6.7, 42.22 dB respectively, giving a FOM = 2.85pJ /Conv − step.
  * 2021 – 2021
    Testing And Verification Of IP In UVM Environment at ZC:UST under supervision of Dr. Hassan Mostafa, Giza, Egypt

    Implementation of Universal Verification Methodology (UVM) using UVM 1.2 package on EDA playground / System Verilog. Testing and verification of encrypted intellectual property (IP).
  * October 2019
    C++ Connectivity Matrix and Partitioning EDA Algorithm at ZC:UST under supervision of Amr Nabil Helmy, Giza, Egypt

    Written a C++ program which partitions an even number of cells using Kernighan-Lin partitioning algorithm after obtaining the connectivity matrix of the cells. The input was a pin-oriented netlist, and the output clearly specified which cells belong to which block.
  * November 2019
    C++ EDA Functional Algorithmic Project at ZC:UST under supervision of Amr Nabil Helmy, Giza, Egypt

    Written a C++ code to read netlist data from a text file, extract the different paths, calculate the maximum propagation delay for each node, do proper partioning, perform floor-planning and then find the longest path and determine the suitable clock period.

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
  * 2016 – 2017
     IT, Media & Marketing committee head at EUROAVIA, Zewail City, Giza, Egypt
  * 2016 – 2018
    Committee member at IEEE, Zewail City, Giza, Egypt
  * 2017 – 2018
    Volunteer at Resala Charity Organization, Giza, Egypt

    Volunteer for fundraising and aiding the charity organization in Cairo branch

COURSES
  * December 2021
    Accelerated Computer Science Fundamentals Specialization, Coursera
  * January 2022
    Deep Learning Specialization, Coursera
  * January 2022
    Game Design and Development 1: 2D Shooter, Coursera

GAME DEVELOPMENT EXPERIENCE
  * OOP & Data Structures for Game Development, ITI GDA I42, Giza, Egypt, November 2021

    Combination of C/C++ OOP projects :

  Implement Magic box algorithm, and switch menu Console program
  Employee Structure application using dynamic allocation , Line editor using pointers
  Double linked list Stack, Queue binary search; bubble sort; selection sort
  Traverse Binary Tree nodes using recursive functions
  Design and Implement Class Complex, copy constructor to Class Stack
  Operator overloading in Class Complex, Abstract Class pure virtual methods

  * C++ Resizeable 2D maze generation using vectors, ITI GDA I42, Giza, Egypt, December 2021

    C++ Build of Console program that randomly generates a resizeable 2D maze based on vectors. SFML implementation to allow the user to translate in the generated maze paths to reach a generated goal then choose to replay or close the program.   
  * Computer Graphics using OpenGL, ITI GDA I42, Giza, Egypt, December 2021

     C++ / OpenGL Implementation of Obj loader. Using glsl shader files to manipulate fragment and vertex shaders. Fractal (Mandelbrot) implementation. 3D simple maze GUI game using openGL utilizing created Mesh, Camera, Gameindow and Shader classes.  
  * JavaScript and HTML5, ITI GDA I42, Giza, Egypt, December 2021

    Created Space invaders web game. Phaser3 PC Web browser mini-jam game over the course of 3 days: Game concept -&gt; Pen &amp; Paper Prototype -&gt; Game Pitch Document -&gt; Game Assets &amp; Art Creation -&gt; Game programming and development -&gt; Game Script -&gt; Game Demo -&gt; Final Game (itch.io build).
  * Visual C# .NET, ITI GDA I42, Giza, Egypt, January 2022

    
  Language-Integrated Query (LINQ) Operators: Restriction, Element, Set, Aggregate, Ordering, Partitioning, Projection, Quantifiers, and Grouping
  Company Layoff system
  Object Pooling Patterns to to create a simple Bullets Pool 
  C# Full Examination UI system on C++ Data Structures concepts

  * Basic and Advanced Unity, ITI GDA I42, Giza, Egypt, January 2022 – February 2022

    
  3D Urban City Game Scene, Prefabs, Prefab variants, Various Lighting
  2D Platformer with idle, jump sprite animations and player movement
  2D tilemap platformer with various patrolling enemies and traps 
  3D reflection and light probes baking and post-processing VR Space room
  Android touch screen UI functions, canvas 2D memory game
  UI leaderboard, registration form, puzzle Game with random generation builds
  Tic Tac Toe game with singleplayer, multiplayer, AI, Scoreboard network framework
  Cannon ball game with line renderer, physics and Procedural mesh generation
  IK constraint, blend tree, animation rigging, scriptable objects and events
  Node Based Shaders Fundamentals with amplify

