Rami Shoula
Human Resources Professional


Experienced and self-motivated Human Resources Professional with two years of industry experience administering policies and procedures in the Human Resources Department of a fast-moving technology company. Adept in implementing programs and changes that enhance company position and lead to success. Knowledgeable about employment law and effective organizational planning. Bringing forth a proven track record of successfully managing Human Resource efforts and serving as a crucial pillar of support for HR teams and employees.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ HR Policies and Regulations
  ★★★★★ Advanced Software System Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Event Planning
  ★★★★★ Employment Laws
  ★★★★★ Mediation Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * November 2015 – September 2019
    Human Resources Professional at Millbank & Cone, Stamford
      
  Assisted in creating documentation for all new hires, and continued to build files in accordance with HR protocol. 
  Created a compliance log intended for management use each month. 
  Assisted in maintaining all hard copy files for the HR department. 
  Developed and implemented company 	policies and codes that supported long-term and short-term  goals.  	  
  Assisted in updating all Benefits information, while extending important knowledge pertaining to Benefits to employees. 


  * December 2014 – October 2015
    Human Resources Assistant at Millbank and Cone, Danbury
      Worked as a reliable and dedicated team member in the HR department, dedicated to fostering the mission of Macy's. Assisted with recruitment, interviews, and hiring. Distributed employee handbooks and answered questions and concerns. Reported important events and incidences to senior HR members. Handled paperwork regarding maternity leave and bereavement. 

  * July 2012 – November 2014
    Human Resources Assistant at Jones New York, New York
      Assisted Senior HR members with various tasks on a daily basis. Provided new employees with information and training. Organized seminars for employees involving motivation techniques and healthy lifestyle choices. Recorded and reported employee issues, and brought them to Senior HR members when necessary. Organized and maintained employee records. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2013 – May 2017
    Norfolk College, New Haven Associate of Business Administration

    Graduated magna cum laude. Senior Writer at The Lion Publication. 
  * September 2008 – May 2012
    Hartford High School, Hartford High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Henry Fortmyer from Macy's
    hfortmyer@macys.org
    441-907-8912
  * Genevieve Gore from New Haven Community College
    ggore@nhcomm.org
    213-345-5566
  * Liam Hart from John Hubert Dental
    lhart@jhubert.com
    317-117-1816

