Rami Shoula
Data Engineer


Senior data engineer experienced in working across the different stages of the data pipeline, including acquisition, integration, ODS and real-time data marts. Adept in working quickly and efficiently in close collaboration with analytic, engineering and other stakeholders.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Data Analysis
  ★★★★★ ETL
  ★★★★★ SQL
  ★★★★★ Technical Documentation
  ★★★★★ Troubleshooting
  ★★★★★ Research & Development

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2017 – Present
    Data Engineer at Ellisen Group, Seattle
      
  Worked closely with stakeholders across departments to design, build and deploy various initiatives within the data platform. 
  Developed, deployed and maintained data services using Rudderstack/Snowplow and Snowflake. 
  Prepared and presented reports, analysis and presentations to various stakeholders including executives. 
  Designed best practices to support continuous process automation for data ingestion and data pipeline workflows. 
  Increased the effiency of data pipelines that processed over 100 TB of data daily.


  * June 2013 – June 2017
    Data Engineer at Kirk Enterprises, Seattle
      
  Designed and implemented data solutions best suited to deliver on our customer needs.
  Provided excellent leadership by recommending the right technologies and solutions for a given use case. 
  Completed software development life cycle experience including design, documentation, implementation, testing and deployment. 
  Continually explored new technologies in an effort to always grow and uncover better ways to solve problems.
  Developed an updated ETL System using Python 3.10. 


  * June 2011 – May 2013
    Database Administrator at Reckon Technologies, Seattle
      
  Provided technical support to resolve or assist in resolution of issues relating to database management systems.
  Interacted with end users, opened support tickets with software vendors and identified and implemented solutions for software application issues. 
  Worked closely with third parties and IT partners to resolve issues.
  Recorded and documented the help desk request problem-solving processes. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2011 – May 2013
    Pacific University, Forest Grove, OR Master of Science in Computer Science
  * September 2008 – May 2011
    Seattle University, Seattle Bachelor of Science in Computer Engineering

