Rami Shoula
Delivery Driver


Experienced and reliable Delivery Driver with over three years of experience transporting goods from production areas to customers and businesses. I bring forth a proven track record of timely, error-free deliveries, and a reputation for excellent customer service. Experienced in collecting payments, servicing delivery vehicles, and working with a team to ensure complete customer satisfaction. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★☆☆☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Clean Driving Record
  ★★★★★ Safe Driving Skills
  ★★★★★ Navigation Skills
  ★★★★★ Physical Fitness and Endurance 
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2015 – September 2019
    Delivery Driver at Fido's Inc. , Valhalla
      Provide quality customer service from the beginning of a transaction to the end. Utilize excellent time management skills to ensure that orders are received on time. Accurately processed order paperwork and payment transactions. Complied with company safety and sanitary standards at all times. Maintained the cleanliness of the trucks to ensure goods were transported in an acceptable environment. Assisted with food preparation when necessary. 

  * September 2008 – July 2015
    Delivery Driver at Erickson's Inc. , New York
      Worked in collaboration with other departments to ensure exceptional customer service with the delivery of high-end items. Adhered to safety rules when operating the trucks. Handled credit invoices and collected proper authorizations to proceed with transactions. Carefully packed and unpacked goods.Assisted customers and reported any customer complaints. Performed routine maintenance checks on trucks. Ensured that all goods were delivered in a safe, timely, and effective manner. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    Norwell High School, Norwell High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Lisa Ford from Fido's Inc. 
    lford@fidosinc.com
    914-585-5596
  * Ben Hayworth from Fido's Inc.
    bhayworth@fidosinc.com
    914-293-2290
  * Genna Leeds from Erickson's Inc. 
    genna@ericksonsinc.org
    212-394-3902

