Rami Shoula
Correctional Officer


Dedicated Correctional Officer with over 10 years of experience working with the Massachusetts State Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation. Bringing forth the ability to command the respect and compliance of inmates while working to foster a safe and peaceful environment. Experience with investigations, gang related interventions, staff development, and prison intelligence. Proven track record of implementing safety procedures and avoiding inmate escapes and disturbances. Passionate about contributing to the safety of all prisoners and staff members, while also helping to rehabilitate prisoners. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Facility Management
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication
  ★★★★★ Prison Intelligence
  ★★★★★ Physical Defense and Intervention Techniques

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2010 – July 2017
    Correctional Officer at MCI- Framingham, Framingham
      Monitored prisoners and responded to any suspicious activity. Maintained meticulous documentation regarding the behavior of offenders. Wrote reports and worked collaboratively with staff members and supervisors. Assessed difficult situations with speed and accuracy. Conducted organized searches for special projects. Maintained the correct head count of prisoners at all times. 

  * May 2006 – May 2010
    Correctional Officer at Middle Valley Prison, Middle Valley
      Supervised the daily activities of 800+ inmates. Maintained a safe and peaceful atmosphere by using early intervention tactics with disruptive or violent inmates. Conducted safety audits daily. Supervised 100+ employees and trained new employees. Implemented and enforced all security procedures. Successfully restrained inmates when necessary. Monitored inmates and documented any strange or alarming occurrences. Worked to ensure compliance with Department of Corrections policies. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2004 – May 2006
    Roxbury Community College, Roxbury Associate of Criminal Justice
  * September 2000 – May 2004
    Newbury High School, Newbury High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * February 2006 – May 2006
    Correction Internship at Middle Valley Prison, Middle Valley

    Assisted with all Corrections Department procedures and practices. 

REFERENCES
  * Ken Bellinger from Middle Valley Prison
    kbell@middlevalley.com
    781-283-2983
  * Lisa Ortmeyer from MCI- Framingham
    lortmeyer@mci.com
    781-887-8443
  * Holt Lopez from MCI- Framingham
    hlopez@mci.com
    781-887-7673

