Rami Shoula
Account Manager


Experienced and self-motivated Account Manager with five years of industry experience overseeing sales figures and new account developments. Bringing forth a proven track record of working collaboratively with sales teams to achieve goals, increase revenue gains, and advance the sales cycle of the company. A strong leader with the ability to increase sales and develop strategies to retain customers. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Collaboration Skills
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2013 – September 2019
    Account Manager at Mac Cosmetics, New York
      Worked to support sales team and rise against competition. Effectively built and maintained long-lasting client relationships. Collaborated with sales team members to identify growth opportunities and develop strategies to seize them. Worked with Customer Service and Product Development departments to enhance overall customer experience. Communicated the progress of quarterly initiatives to internal and external stakeholders. Implemented client-focused solutions to enhance sales volume.

  * November 2011 – August 2013
    Business Development Representative at Mac Cosmetics, New York
      Effectively acted as a liaison between our Marketing and Sales teams. Identified client needs and suggested appropriate services to enhance client experience. Continually researched new business opportunities in the market. Built long-term trusting relationships with clients to achieve ultimate client retention. 

  * June 2009 – October 2011
    Sales Associate at Nordstroms, New York
      Served as an enthusiastic and productive Sales Associate. Provided customers with optimal customer service and excellent assistance at all times. Answered customer queries and concerns to the best of my ability. Worked to help maintain a neat and presentable sales floor. Worked well with co-workers to ensure positive customer experiences. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2006 – May 2010
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2002 – June 2006
    Sacred Heart Academy, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Henry Forenstein from Hunter College
    hforensteins@hunter.edu
    212-546-7789
  * Jane Storrs from Mac Cosmetics
    storrs@maccosmetics.com
    917-882-2093
  * Linda Neal from Mac Cosmetics
    Neal@maccosmetics.com
    917-632-2201

