Rami Shoula
Bus Driver


Experienced and reliable Bus Driver with clean driving record and proven track record of transporting passengers in a safe and pleasant manner. Possesses excellent defensive driving techniques and the ability to professionally deal with difficult or disruptive passengers. Adept in traffic regulations and experienced at implementing safe passenger rules. Patient and level-headed, with the ability to remain on schedule and seek alternate routes when necessary. Fully committed to the safety and satisfaction of my passengers. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Trustworthy
  ★★★★★ Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Punctual
  ★★★★★ Equipment Maintenance

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2016 – July 2019
    Bus Driver at Trans West, Tacoma
      Transported passengers to and from locations in a timely and safe fashion. Assisted passengers with needs and provided general information to passengers when requested. Maintained a clean and inviting bus environment and aimed to provide passengers with a pleasant riding experience at all times. Known for punctuality and dependability. 

  * December 2010 – December 2015
    Bus Driver at Bellevue School District, Bellevue
      Safely transported students to and from school each day. Took attendance of children present prior to each ride. Implemented safety rules on the bus and performed practice drills as necessary. Intervened if a problem arose between two students and notified school officials. Assisted students crossing dangerous roadways. Remained up to date on bus route knowledge and road construction. Assigned young children to the front rows of the bus for the sake of proper supervision. 

  * November 2005 – November 2010
    Bus Driver at Seattle Department of Transportation, Seattle
      Safely transported passengers to and from destinations. Provided passengers with excellent customer service and general knowledge about bus routes and local attractions and areas if possible. Assisted disabled passengers and utilized the wheelchair lift properly. Exercised good judgment and acted quickly in times of need. Collected bus fares and assisted passengers with luggage. Completed daily paperwork and filed any incident reports correctly. Trained and mentored new employees. 


EDUCATION
  * June 2005 – July 2005
    Seattle Driving School, Seattle Commercial Driver's License
  * August 2003 – May 2005
    St. Peter's College, Tacoma Associates of Communications

REFERENCES
  * Donna Howard from Seattle Department of Transportation
    dhoward@seattledot.com
    723-283-2929
  * Ellen Tracy from Bellevue School District
    etracy@bellevueed.com
    723-282-4443
  * Gary Holt from Bellevue School District
    gholt@bellevueed.com
    723-282-1178

