Rami Shoula
Content Acquisition Director


Highly skilled and knowledgeable Content Acquisitions Director, bringing forth expertise and experience overseeing content generation and acquisitions. Adept in providing leadership and effective management that results in high-impact consumer-focused products. Committed to supporting the development of key strategic programs that result in the best consumer experiences possible. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking
  ★★★★★ Business Strategy
  ★★★★★ Content Marketing
  ★★★★★ Knowledgable in User Interface/ User Experience

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2016 – September 2019
    Content Acquisitions Director  at Vantex, Seattle
      
  Worked to effectively manage key partnerships with vendors, distributors, and other important players. 
  Recommended strategic content acquisition initiatives, and worked to negotiate excellent packages. 
  Evaluated relationships with current and potential content providers. 
  Managed multiple projects and effectively prioritized to achieve goals. 
  Brought forth an in-depth understanding of consumer and marketplace dynamics. 
  Collaborated with the legal team to review and solidify contractual terms. 


  * July 2013 – June 2016
    Junior Content Acquistions Associate at Wayfair, Seattle
      
  Focused on projects dedicated to building customer loyalty and satisfaction. 
  Worked closely with Executives in Merchandising and Marketing. 
  Assisted Senior Content Acquisition Directors with initiatives targeted toward optimizing products and consumer experience. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    Seattle College, Seattle Bachelor of Marketing
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Ballard High School, Ballard High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Chris Daly from Vantex
    daly.c@vantexseattle.com
    206-554-3211
  * Lynnette Johnson from Ose North America
    johnson@osenorth.org
    206-654-5677
  * Clara Castrataro from Wayfair
    castrataro@wayfairma.com
    206-456-5499

