Rami Shoula
Finance Director


Skilled and effective Finance Director adept in leading and developing internal teams to support the areas of: finance, business planning and budgeting, IT and purchasing. Committed to partnering with leadership in strategic decision making and operations to develop and lead programs and operations related to finance function. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Chinese
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Dutch; Flemish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Financial Accounting
  ★★★★★ Financial Reporting
  ★★★★★ Ability to Work in a Team
  ★★★★★ Budgeting & Forecasting
  ★★★★★ Communication and Negotiation
  ★★★★★ Accounting and Reporting Software
  ★★★★★ Attention to Detail

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2017 – June 2021
    Finance Director at BXTI, Austin
      
  Planned, directed, managed, supervised, and coordinated all operations of the Finance Department.
  Prepared financial statements and cost reports at regular intervals.
  Led and expanded the finance function within the business. 
  Worked closely with the President to ensure strong performance towards financial metrics. 
  Managed and improved the annual budgeting process and provided ongoing guidance. 


  * October 2014 – December 2016
    Finance Director at Emkee , Austin
      
  Produced monthly and annual financial reports in an accurate and timely manner. 
  Strategized with the CFO regarding the future of the organization. 
  Coordinated and led the annual audit process. 
  Managed organizational cash flow and forecasting.
  Effectively communicated important financial matters to the President/CEO and board of directors.



EDUCATION
  * September 2012 – May 2014
    Texas State University, San Marcos Master of Science in Accounting
  * September 2008 – May 2012
    University of North Texas, Denton Bachelor of Economics

REFERENCES
  * Madelia Horne from BXTI
    horne_mad8@bxti.org
    512-324-5488
  * John Wilhelm from Emkee
    wilhelm_j@emkee.com
    512-324-1211
  * Alice Forrester from Emkee
    forrester_a@emkee.com
    512-345-7899

