Rami Shoula
Security Guard


Experienced and dedicated Security Guard with over five years of experience providing exceptional safety and crime prevention practices for businesses and individuals. A proven track record of professionalism combined with results in avoiding crime and danger. Experienced in patrolling large venues such as school campuses, performance venues, government buildings, and sporting arenas. Adept at providing superior security measures to ensure the safety of patrons and personnel. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Critical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Trustworthy
  ★★★★★ First Aid & CPR
  ★★★★☆ Firearms Training
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Federal and State Laws
  ★★★★★ Spanish Speaking

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2015 – September 2019
    Resident Security Guard at Ohala Villas and Condominiums, Los Angeles
      Greeted visitors and residents and provided directions when necessary. Patrolled all areas of the premises and looked into any suspicious activity. Reviewed the identity of all visitors before allowing them on the premises. Denied access to unauthorized visitors to ensure the safety of residents.Wrote reports regarding theft, property damage, and altercations. Watched for and assisted with any alarming occurrences such as floods, fires, and open doors. Helped to train and mentor new hires. 

  * November 2011 – May 2015
    Campus Security Officer at Professional Security Consultants, Los Angeles
      Greeted residents and visitors with a kind and helpful attitude.Checked identification of all persons entering and exiting the facility. Accompanied visitors to their destination when necessary. Patrolled areas to ensure they are free of danger or scandal before the end of a shift. Provided residents with assistance regarding any safety concerns or questions. Documented all concerns and incidents and reported them to a senior supervisor. Observed activities via surveillance cameras and called for back up if necessary. Handled under-age drinking situations with reference to state law and school policy. Trained new hires on company policies and protocols. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2011 – May 2013
    University of Phoenix, Phoenix Associate of Criminal Justice
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    Sherman Oaks High School, Sherman Oaks High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Jim Evans from Professional Security Consultants
    jevans@prosecurity.com
    928-262-7235
  * Leslie Morris from Professional Security Consultants
    lmorris@prosecurity.com
    817-293-2283
  * Ken Ranger from Ohala Villas and Condominiums
    ken@ohalavc.com
    719-292-2625

