Rami Shoula
Film and Video Editor


Experienced Film and Video Editor adept in meeting client needs throughout the entirety of the film process. Working with clients from conception to completion to ensure that videos are everything they hoped for. Able to handle multiple projects simultaneously while providing the highest level of service, quality, and innovation. Experienced in editing film for commercials, weddings, special events, and individual client needs. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Editing Software 
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ Design Applications
  ★★★★★ Business Acumen

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2013 – September 2019
    Film and Video Editor at Albright Media, San Francisco
      
  Worked one-on-one with clients and various department members to meet their film editing needs. 
  Maintained serious focus and met strict deadlines with ease. 
  Converted raw footage into finalized products. 
  Used computer editing equipment and a host of creative techniques to achieve desired layout and style.  	  
  Implemented high quality sound effects, voices and music seamlessly into videos. 


  * August 2010 – December 2012
    Film and Video Editor at Peter Pan's Visuals, San Francisco
      Assisted wedding clients with their wedding video needs. Used a wide range of editing styles to meet the various needs and desires of clients. Edited raw footage to create teasers and videos. Worked with other wedding vendors and staff to ensure a smooth and happy process for the bride and groom. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    ASU, Tempe Bachelor of Media Studies
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Lincoln High School, Tempe High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Jennifer Reese from Peter Pan's Visuals
    jrmanager@peterpansvisuals.com
    415-394-3392
  * John DeLaney from San Juan Times
    delaney@sjtimes.com
    408-490-4482
  * Cameron Mizzi from Albright Media
    mizzi@albrightmedia.org
    415-776-8989

