Rami Shoula
Recruiter


Experienced and effective Recruiter adept in all aspects of recruitment support and solutions. Bringing forth several years of industry experience and expertise in talent sourcing, screening, interviewing, and placing. Equipped with a diverse and promising skill-set, conducive to providing optimal support to HR business partners, organizations, and hiring managers.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Talent Assessment and Acquisition
  ★★★★★ High-Volume Staffing
  ★★★★★ Employment Law 
  ★★★★★ Social Media Recruiting Tools
  ★★★★★ Contract Negotiations

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * May 2013 – September 2019
    Recruiter at Gilt Groupe, New York
      Served as an enthusiastic and effective recruiter for active openings within the Gilt Groupe. Managed sourcing, screening, interviewing, and placing of candidates. Worked to maintain strong working relationships with the Human Resources staff, resulting in positive and productive collaborations. Attended recruiting events and industry conferences to build relationships and source candidates. Handled various special projects based on need and demand. Worked to wholly support our corporate commitment to Equal Opportunity, Diversity and Inclusion.

  * September 2009 – April 2013
    Recruiter at The Estee Lauder Companies Inc., New York
      Worked to drive talent sourcing corporately, within several different branches of the organization. Identified areas of the company that needed improvement and developed workforce planning strategies and a list of recruitment needs.Networked through traditional and progressive methods to source optimal talent. Maintained talent database for immediate and future needs. Develop and foster relationships with newly hired employees to promote employee satisfaction and employee retention rates. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Human Resource Management
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Marymount High School, New York High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * September 2008 – April 2009
    Human Resources Intern at The Estee Lauder Companies, New York

    Served as a helpful and enthusiastic Intern in the Human Resources Department. 

REFERENCES
  * Lee Martindale from The Estee Lauder Companies
    lmartindale@esteelauder.org
    212-334-4877
  * Joan Zielinski from The Estee Lauder Companies
    jzielinski@esteelauder.org
    212-334-5599
  * Maria Ramos from Gilt Groupe
    maria.ramos@giltgroupe.com
    212-754-4756

