Rami Shoula
Photographer


Experienced and innovative Photographer bringing forth a true passion for capturing life's moments through a lens. Committed to the ultimate satisfaction of a client, and adept in using the most up-to-date photographic hardware and software. Bringing forth over five years of experience working as a Freelance Photographer on over 200 projects. Leveraging a background in Commercial Photography and Fine art Photography, and a dedication to world class customer service.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SOCIAL PROFILES
  * Photography Portfolio: www.clararodrigophoto.org
  * : 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Italian

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Outstanding Technical Skills
  ★★★★★ Digital and Non-digital Cameras
  ★★★★★ Marketing Strategy
  ★★★★★ Project Management
  ★★★★★ Creativity

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2019 – October 2019
    Photographer at Worldly Pictures, Vancouver
      
  Consulted with clients regarding photo needs and desires. 
  Presented options based on the style, needs, desires, and budgets of clients. 
  Offered fresh ideas and concepts, in addition to classic styles. 
  Developed and printed exposed film. 
  Enhanced, edited, and retouched images using a variety of programs. 
  Created slide shows and thematic videos for special events. 


  * March 2011 – May 2019
    Photographer Assistant at John Rey Photography, Vancouver
      
  Assisted Photographer with set-up and lighting prior to a shoot. 
  Held lightweight reflectors during some shoots. 
  Communicated with clients and addressed questions and concerns. 
  Handled paperwork, billing, and scheduling. 
  Brought forth a positive attitude and problem-solving abilities. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2007 – May 2019
    McGill University, Montreal Bachelor of Marketing
  * September 2003 – June 2019
    Lakeside Academy, Montreal High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Christine Faulkner from McGill University
    cfaulkner@mcgill.edu
    514-229-2938
  * John Rey from John Rey Photography
    rey.john@gmail.com
    604-887-4382
  * Sophia Montano from Client
    montanos@yahoo.com
    604-338-3156

