Rami Shoula
Consultant


Experienced and dedicated Consultant with over 10 years of experience helping clients to meet and exceed business goals. Bringing forth proven expertise in guiding business operations, management, strategy, and profitability. Experienced in marketing, advertising, and brand enhancement. Adept in dealing with complex issues and challenges, advising clients in a way that enhances performance. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Dutch
  ★★★★★ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Business Performance Expertise
  ★★★★★ Strong Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Business and Marketing Strategies
  ★★★★★ Creativity
  ★★★★★ Problem Solving Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Digital Performance Metrics
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2013 – August 2019
    Consultant at Tour X, Dallas
      Provided the client with optimal guidance and business planning based on industry expertise and predictions of market trends.Developed specific finance goals and strategies to achieve them. Outlined problem areas and created real solutions. Recommended business best practices. Prepared detailed reports, proposals, and recommendations. Attended and participated in staff meetings regarding marketing goals and strategies. 

  * April 2009 – September 2013
    Consultant at New Wave Partners, Austin
      Worked with client to assess business progress and identify problems and shortcomings. Provided guidance regarding advertising, product development, and product placement. Created measurable benefits for the company, and provided employees with long lasting tools for growth. Communicated well with high level executives and provided them with weekly briefings on progress and growth. Helped to devise a new business model, and steps to support it. Advanced content marketing initiatives, leading to noticeable successes. Established and nurtured open communication airways to lead to better team functioning. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2003 – May 2007
    Baylor University, Waco Bachelor of Economics
  * September 1999 – May 2003
    St. Francis Preparatory School, Austin High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Renee Watters from New Wave Partners
    rwatters@newwave.org
    212-394-3381
  * Dennis Reese from Synergy Corporation
    dreese@synergy.com
    318-293-2912
  * Mariela Lopez from Intel Group, LLC
    lopez.mariel@intelgroup.com
    718-293-2210

