Rami Shoula
Account Executive


A personable and trustworthy Account Executive with over 7 years performing in a fast paced sales department. Bringing forth a proven history of fostering client relationships in order to maximize sales volume. Adept at business development and seeking new opportunities from a wide range of clients. Skilled in assessing client drive and implementing programs that best foster that drive. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★☆☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Strategic Marketing Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Sales Management Skills 
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2014 – September 2019
    Senior Account Executive at Golf Lynx, San Diego
      Collaborated with designers, marketers, and executives to increase brand awareness and client return of this men's golf apparel. Analyzed sales and financial performances to effectively plan for increased future opportunities, while identifying obvious weak trends. Assessed the work of competitors to best understand what our brand brings to the table in the golf apparel industry. Attended meetings at corporate headquarters, collaborating with industry members and sharing points of view and ideas. Effectively manage and lead a sales team consisting of 10+ people to drive company proficiency and success. Trained Sales Assistants and passionately communicated company goals and mission. Helped to generate an additional $2 million dollars in sales revenue as seen in 2015 holiday pre-orders. 

  * September 2010 – July 2014
    Account Executive at Staples, Inc., San Diego
      Streamlined an effective lead process that generated a 75% increase in year over sales volume.Analyzed sales and financial performance to understand company needs and future goals. Cultivated client relationships that resulted in company growth and increased productivity. A clean record of meeting monthly sales quotas. Met with buyers and planners to discuss replenishment programs and projected finances. Managed a team of people devoted to achieving success in regards to the connection between advertising initiatives and our clients. Organized events and product workshops. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2006 – May 2010
    Iowa State University, Ames Bachelor of Business Administration
  * September 2002 – May 2006
    Gilbert High School, IA Gilbert

REFERENCES
  * Horrace Rustafon from Staples
    hrustafon@staples.edu
    714-293-9817
  * Jane DiSalvo from Golf Lynx
    jdisalvo@golf.com
    615-298-1818
  * John Green from Golf Lynx
    jgreen@golflynx.com
    718-293-1982

