Rami Shoula
Cashier


Experienced and motivated cashier with over four years of experience working in fast-paced retail and food-service environments. Enthusiastic attitude, and commitment to serving as an honorable and hardworking team member. Strong mathematical skills, excellent customer service abilities, and great attention to detail.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★☆ Polish
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Listening Skills
  ★★★★★ Reliable Money Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Teamwork Skills
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills
  ★★★★★ Effective Sales Skills
  ★★★★★ Problem Solving Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2019 – October 2019
    Cashier, City Place Meats and Goods at , Detroit
      
  Served as a cheerful and helpful cashier five to seven days per week. 
  Happily worked holidays and weekends, and aimed to provide the highest level of customer service possible. 
  Collected payments, issued receipts, neatly bagged items, and helped customers to their vehicles when needed. 
  Worked well with other employees and listened carefully to directions from supervisors. 
  Accurately counted the money in drawers at the end of shifts and logged numbers. 


  * September 2015 – July 2017
    Cashier, ABC Market at , Detroit
      
  Performed financial transactions in a fast-paced retail store environment. 
  Collaborated with other employees to ensure the highest degree of customer service.
  Educated myself on the products and mission of the store, and remained up-to-date on new products and trends.
  Developed strong customer relationships that resulted in a high rate of repeat regular customers.
  Assisted with a variety of daily tasks to achieve ultimate store productivity.   



EDUCATION
  * September 2015 – May 2019
    Detroit High School, Detroit High School diploma

REFERENCES
  * Will Noon from ABC Market
    noon.will33@gmail.com
    313-445-6578
  * Lisa Marcello from ABC Market
    marcellol@abcmarketmi.com
    313-566-3211
  * Gus Durech from City Place Meats and Goods
    durech@cityplacemg.org
    313-665-8799

