Rami Shoula
Production Worker


Experienced and dedicated Production Worker with over six years of industry experience, helping production in major companies to carry on as smoothly as possible. Adept at operating machinery, finalizing and packaging finished products, and maintaining inventories. Bringing forth a proven track record of helping companies increase their productivity by ensuring their machinery is functioning at a high level. I possess excellent team leadership skills and a true commitment to excellence and safety in the workplace. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★☆☆☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Safety and Compliance Standards
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented
  ★★★★★ Manual Dexterity
  ★★★★★ Organization Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2015 – September 2019
    Production Worker at Plastix, New York
      Completed production orders within strict deadlines. Managed other Production Workers and worked with team leaders to enhance productivity. Met all safety compliance standards and ensured the quality of our products. Loaded and unloaded items from machine conveyors. Mentored new assembly workers on protocol and safety guidelines. Performed minor equipment maintenance when necessary. Reported any machine malfunctions or safety issues to supervisor. 

  * September 2013 – September 2015
    Production Worker at Croy Packaging Facility, New York
      Followed all instructions and safety procedures during assembly. Monitored assembly line and reported any issues. Maintained a clean and organized working environment to enhance productivity. Worked well with other assemblers to ensure time efficiency and clear communication. Handled each product and package with care and precision. 


EDUCATION
  * September 2009 – May 2013
    White Plains High School, White Plains High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Joan Legenthal from Croy Packaging Facility
    joan@croypack.com
    212-334-2426
  * Len Hayeworth from Croy Packaging Facility
    len@croypack.com
    212-334-3948
  * Halley Rose from Plastix Inc. 
    halley@plastixinc.com
    212-776-2536

