Rami Shoula
3D Animator


Experienced 3D Animator with formal training in Graphic Design and Animation. Bringing forth the ability to design complex animation elements, edit static images to produce the illusion of motion, and create captivating special effects. Accustomed to working well with others and committed to meeting deadlines and adhering to project guidelines. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Graphic Design Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Dreamweaver
  ★★★★★ Technical Drawing Skills
  ★★★★★ Storyboarding 
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Character Development Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2015 – September 2019
    3D Artist at Blue Sky Studios, Greenwich
      Supported the Lead Animators by developing performance and movement for creatures, objects, and characters in live action film and television productions. Worked collaboratively with development teams to create innovative 3D animations. Created new 3D models.  Brought forth visual and analytical innovation and problem-solving in 3-dimensional spaces. Worked with a solid understanding of timing, momentum, weight, and anticipation.

  * October 2013 – May 2015
    Assistant to Graphic Designer at ETS Network, New York
      Assisted in the creation of graphic materials for the use of the marketing department. Assisted with a wide range of design projects and met tight deadlines. Research and organize different imagery and design option for projects. Assist in the management of graphics for brand and portfolio presentations.Created effective logos and advertisement layouts for the company. Handled much of the communication between clients and the lead Graphic Designer. 

  * May 2008 – March 2016
    Animator at Freelance, New York
      Successfully completed several freelance Graphic Design jobs with a strong customer satisfaction rate. Fostered a high rate of returning clients due to optimal customer service and outstanding graphic design services. Worked to create a recognizable style desired by clients. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2007 – May 2011
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Graphic Design
  * September 2003 – May 2007
    Loyola High School, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Aida MaCintosh from ETS Network
    amacintosh@etsnetwork.org
    212-335-4522
  * Luis Sanchez from Blue Sky Studios
    luis@blueskystudios.com
    203-576-9659
  * Marianna Kirk from Hunter College
    mariannakirk@hunter.edu
    212-887-5623

