Rami Shoula
Barista


Highly motivated and focused Barista with over 5+ experience in the food/drink service industry, specifically in coffee shop environments. Experienced customer service professional adept at utilizing knowledge of both the coffee industry and customer service industry to successfully manage operations and create pleasing beverages. Accustomed to adhering to company standards, and treating all customers with kindness and hospitality. An adaptive team player with a passion for good coffee and satisfied customers.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Coffee
  ★★★★★ Friendly and Outgoing Attitude 
  ★★★★★ Inventory Management 
  ★★★★★ Mathematical Skills
  ★★★★★ Multitasking Skills 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2010 – Present
    Barista at Luck Bros' Coffee House, Columbus
      
  Created espresso drinks and custom drink orders. 
  Completed daily inventory and ordering. 
  Trained new employees in store policy and procedures.
  Organized events such as open mic nights and musical acts with local artists. 
  Completed customer orders with strict adherence to coffee house recipes to deliver consistent quality and optimize customer satisfaction. 


  * September 2006 – July 2010
    Barista And Cashier at Starbucks, Columbus
      
  Provided the highest level of customer service at every shift. 
  Educated customers about new drink options or recommendations based on their likes and dislikes. 
  Prepared large batch hot and cold brew coffee daily as well as specialty coffee and tea.
  Quickly and accurately handled financial transactions of all types



EDUCATION
  * August 2006 – December 2010
    Ohio State University, Columbus Bachelor of Marketing
  * September 2002 – May 2006
    Northland High School, Columbus High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Sophie Bolles from Luck Bros' Coffee House
    sbolles@gmail.com
    (614) 299-9330
  * Dylan Moriarty from Ohio State University
    moriarty@osu.edu
    (614) 292-1667

