Rami Shoula
Visual Artist


Dedicated Visual Artist with a decorated background in a variety of artistic mediums. Highly experienced in illustration and animation. Adept at working independently and collaboratively on projects, and committed to achieving visual innovation and beauty. Bringing forth the ability to work well with others and utilize my art skills to visually enhance projects. 
  

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Technical Drawing Skills 
  ★★★★★ Animation Techniques
  ★★★★★ Stop Motion
  ★★★★★ Interactive Media Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Adobe Photo Shop, After Effects, and Illustrator
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills 
  ★★★★★ Creative Problem Solving Skills 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2014 – September 2019
    Illustrator at Neon Magazine, Los Angeles
      
  Utilized Photoshop and Illustrator in combination with traditional tools to create and enhance illustrations. 
  Created hand-drawn inspiration boards using advanced technical drawing skills. 
  Consulted with clients and art directors regarding all visual content. 
  Worked to effectively prioritize project goals and stick to important timelines regarding projects.  	  
  Used various art techniques to effectively convey ideas, emotions, tones, and stories. 


  * May 2010 – March 2014
    Cartoonist at The Other Daily Paper, Los Angeles
      Created cartoons to accompany editorial projects.Commonly created political and social illustrations. Animated characters using advanced software to place cartoons into motion. Worked collaboratively with other departments to ensure a smooth publication process. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    Pepperdine University, Malibu Bachelor of Animation
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Malibu High School, Malibu High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Lindsey DeVito from Pepperdine University
    ldevito@pepperdine.edu
    726-283-4456
  * Malcolm Heysworth from The Other Daily Paper
    macolm@theotherpaper.com
    874-595-6643
  * Windsor Ramirez from Neon Magazine
    ramirez.w@neonmag.org
    847-566-7804

