Rami Shoula
Choreographer


Experienced Dance Choreographer with formal training in contemporary dance, ballet, jazz, and choreography and performance techniques. Bringing forth the ability to create innovative and inspiring dance sequences while serving as an effective instructor. Adept in designing classes, programs, and choreographed dances that focus on the development of strong technique, strength, and artistic interpretation.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Choreography Skills 
  ★★★★★ Technical Dance Skills
  ★★★★★ Instruction Techniques
  ★★★★★ Performance Skills
  ★★★★★ Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Strong Work Ethic

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * April 2013 – September 2018
    Dance Choreographer at New York Dance Company, New York
      
  Served as a Senior Choreographer for one of the Northeast's leading Dance Academies. 
  Utilized advanced teaching methodologies to effectively work with students.
  Consulted with Performance Directors and Creative Professionals about show elements and goals.
  Planned unique and complex dance routines that inspired and entertained.
  Incorporated Jazz, Tap, Ballet, and Hip-Hop into performances.
  Planned and scheduled rehearsals, dress-rehearsals, and productions.   


  * June 2007 – March 2013
    Dance Choreographer at Steps on Broadway, New York
      Served as a dance instructor for children and adolescence taking dance classes. Choreographed dance routines for performances and class sessions. Guided students in developing and fostering dance techniques while strengthening their bodies. Communicated routinely with parents through newsletters, videos, and photos of student work.


EDUCATION
  * August 2002 – May 2006
    SUNY Purchase, London Bachelor of Dance Performance
  * August 1998 – May 2002
    Malibu High School, Malibu High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * July 2006 – May 2007
    Intern/ Assistant Instructor at New York Dance Academy, New York

REFERENCES
  * Lynette Foster from New York Dance Academy
    lfoster@nydanyc.com
    212-334-3738
  * Jacob Ritzer from New York Dance Academy
    jacob@nydanyc.com
    917-344-3219
  * Claudia Chalanti from Steps on Broadway
    cchalanti@stepsonbroadway.com
    212-778-2389

