Rami Shoula
Screenwriter


Passionate and driven Screenwriter bringing forth 8 years of screenwriting experience. Adept in all aspects of script and story development, screenplay structure, character creation, and the intricacies of story structure. Self-motivated and committed to striving for innovation, originality, and awe-inspiring stories. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Spanish
  ★★★★☆ English
  ★★★★☆ Chinese

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Creativity and Innovation
  ★★★★★ Fiction and Non-fiction Writing 
  ★★★★★ Character Development
  ★★★★★ Screenwriting Software 
  ★★★★★ Collaboration Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2016 – Present
    Screenwriter at , Los Angeles
      
  Worked as a freelance Screenwriter, taking on numerous assignments and completing several feature and television scripts. 
  Brought forth a strong sense of discipline enabling me to write every day. 
  Continuously edited and perfected stories until final drafts were produced. 
  Collaborated with other creative professionals to achieve vision goals. 
  Secured two Option Agreements and networked diligently to gain a more in-depth understanding of the industry. 


  * December 2012 – June 2016
    Script Consultant at Worldly Stories Inc. , Los Angeles
      
  Proofread and evaluated scripts for clients. Offered them suggestions and techniques to consider. 
  Used a weighted evaluation system during script assessments. 
  Helped clients to fully understand the importance of plot, premise, characters, dialogue, structure, theme, tone, marketability, and formatting. 
  Provided clients with detailed outlines, edits, and workshop recommendations. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2014
    Hunter College, New York Bachelor of Film Studies
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    Xavier High School, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Michael Currant from WGA
    currant.michael@wgaeast.com
    212-445-6785
  * Sylvia Montero from Wordly Stories Inc.
    montero.s@wordlystories.org
    415-456-8977
  * Kyle Bonhauser from Madhouse Productions
    bonhauser@madhouseprod.org
    315-654-4599

