Rami Shoula
Carpenter


Skilled and passionate Carpenter with 10+ years of experience in residential and commercial building. Positive reputation for quality work, timely construction, and finishing projects at or below estimated budget. Excellent ability to communicate with clients and make their visions and dreams come to life. Knowledgeable in all aspects of building including plumbing and electrical work. Design and follow cohesive blueprints and ensure that all structures meet code. Specializing in custom cabinetry, furniture design, and the repair and installment of foundations. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Mechanical Skills
  ★★★★★ Mathematical Skills
  ★★★★★ Critical Thinking Skills
  ★★★★★ Hand-Eye Coordination
  ★★★★★ Hand and Power Tools
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Operation and Control Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * March 2011 – August 2019
    Carpenter at Timothy Glover Carpentry Inc. , Bethel
      Provided clients with supreme customer service and worked collaboratively to achieve their construction needs. Renovated 20 kitchens, installing top of the line cabinetry and plumbing fixtures. Built 10 exterior decks and walkways, making sure each structure was up to code. Repaired decks and walkways that did not meet code. Built 5 porticos and 7 front porches with overhead structures. Repaired and installed drywall for clients. Helped to complete several second story additions on former ranches. Upheld the integrity of the client's home and work site by ensuring that all tools and parts were cleaned up and placed neatly during construction. 

  * February 2007 – February 2011
    Carpenter at Ringwood Inc. , Brookfield
      
  Worked one-on-one with clients to assess their needs and desires before beginning construction. 
  Created clear blueprints and financial budgets, keeping in mind the client's needs and budget restrictions. 
  Repaired building frameworks and structures to meet code and work properly.
  Specialized in the construction of bridge supports. 
  Renovated kitchens. 
  Installed and repaired siding. 
  Assisted clients with the design process, giving thoughts and suggestions, while making sure to let their own vision shine through. 



EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2013
    Charter Oak State College, New Britain Connecticut Carpenters Apprenticeship
  * August 2007 – May 2009
    SUNY Plattsburgh, Plattsburgh Associate of Business Administration

REFERENCES
  * Alyssa Frasier from Client
    afrasier@aol.com
    203-652-2289
  * John Cooke from Ringwood Inc.
    cooke@ringwood.com
    203-227-1515
  * Harold Francis from Charter Oak State College
    francis@charteroak.com
    203-987-7789

