Rami Shoula
Cinematographer


Experienced and passionate Cinematographer with extensive industry experience, training, and proven success in cinematography. Adept in overseeing all aspects of film production, including camera lens choices, camera manipulation, lighting choices, set design, and various technological matters that affect the overall visual outcome in the film. Bringing forth the ability to collaborative effectively with others, and prioritize the goals of the film efficiently. Enthusiastic and committed to creating thought and emotion provoking cinema.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ English
  ★★★★★ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Production Management
  ★★★★★ Collaboration
  ★☆☆☆☆ Editing Video
  ★★★★★ Lighting Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Camera Operation
  ★★★★★ Artistic Direction

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2015 – February 2019
    Cinematographer at Excel Productions, Los Angeles
      
  Worked to analyze and understand the screenplay prior to planning for filming.
  Worked closely with the Principal Director and Director of Photography and other creative 	professionals to establish priorities and goals.
  Made powerful decisions regarding camera choices, lighting, and actions. 
  Maintained a strong focus and a commitment to achieving artistic innovation and beauty.   


  * April 2011 – June 2015
    Cinematographer at Studio City Films, Los Angeles
      
  Guided video content and production processes to achieve ultimate results. 
  Worked closely with creative professionals to ensure visual imaging reached the highest potential. 
  Chose different camera lenses, guided shots, and managed the timing of actors and events. 
  Managed all aspects of technical execution, camera placement, and lighting. 
  Adjusted sound and assisted with editing to deliver amazing final projects. 



EDUCATION
  * September 2007 – May 2011
    UCLA, Los Angeles  Bachelor of Film Studies
  * September 2003 – May 2007
    St. Rose High School, Sherman Oaks High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Joyce Romano from UCLA
    romano.j@uclafilm.edu
    310-567-2121
  * Edgar Hopkins from Studio City Films 
    Hopkins@studiofilms.com
    310-546-8787
  * Hannah Diaz from Excel Productions
    diaz.hannah@excelprod.com
    213-567-9090

