Rami Shoula
Train Operator


Experienced Train Operator with over 10 years of experience providing safe and pleasant travel for passengers. Bringing forth exceptional mechanical skills, and a superior awareness of safety rules and regulations. Adept in planning route operations, and handling vehicle technicalities. Bringing forth strong communication skills, and a commitment to safe, timely, and pleasant travel. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Advanced Train Mechanical and Electrical Knowledge
  ★★★★★ Troubleshooting Skills 
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills 
  ★★★★★ Train Maintenance and Repairs
  ★★★★★ Strategic Thinking Skills 
  ★★★★★ Strong Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Excellent Leadership Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2008 – September 2019
    Train Operator at Metro North Railroad, New York
      Adhered to all transit rules and regulations, resulting in safe and productive travel. Planned and adjusted routes according to need. Addressed both major and minor vehicle failures. Exercised prudent judgment at all times. Performed visual inspection of trains prior to departure. Happily provided assistance to passengers with special needs, and worked to accommodate them as best as possible. Remained committed to the safety and satisfaction of passengers above all things. 

  * July 2005 – July 2008
    Conductor at Canadian National Railway, Melville
      Thoroughly inspected the condition of trains prior to departure. Ensured compliance with all railroad rules and regulations. Communicated with the Rail Traffic Control Center to ensure safe and organized travel. Handled problems relating to mechanics, train function, or travel difficulties with a level head and a calm attitude. Aimed to always provide optimal customer service and a pleasant railroad experience to passengers. 


EDUCATION
  * June 2007 – May 2008
    MTA Training Program, New York Train Operator 
  * September 2003 – May 2007
    St. Francis High School, New York High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Ernie Young from MTA
    eyoung@mtanyc.org
    212-874-4950
  * Olivia Brown from MTA
    obrown@mtanyc.org
    212-445-5031
  * Jason Richards from Union Pacific
    richards.jason@unionpacific.com
    363-495-3321

