Rami Shoula
Sales Development Professional


Experienced and motivated Sales Development Professional with five years of experience in high level sales environments. Proven track record of expanding businesses by successfully networking and forming smart partnerships. The ability to cultivate key relationships and consistently generate new business. Self motivated and driven to help increase the prosperity of a business while working to enhance their reputation. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Analytical Thinking
  ★★★★★ Team Management
  ★★★★★ Business Development
  ★★★★★ Innovation

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2015 – September 2019
    Sales Development Professional at Precision Inc. , New York
      Helped to build and cultivate key prospective relationships, resulting in 10% sales increase for the first 2016 quarter. Assessed and research how our solutions team are addressing needs. Made changes to any sales pitches that are not resulting in new clients. Actively participated in trade show planning to maximize achieved goals of the sales team. Conducted thorough research to expand prospect list. 

  * August 2012 – August 2015
    Sales Develpment Professional at Smart Solutions, New York
      Established fruitful relationships with key clients and partners, resulting in increased revenues. Researched and implemented strategic marketing methods. Participated in sales meetings with promising prospective client companies. Worked collaboratively with my corporate team to make things happen. Maintained a proven track record of meeting and exceeding sales goals. Helped to enhance and uphold the open-minded and progressive reputation of the company. 

  * August 2011 – August 2012
    Executive Assistant to Head of Sales at Pepsi Inc. , New York
      Assisted the Head of Sales in her efforts to maintain an organized and productive office environment. Handled calls, recorded messages, and maintained the calendar. Proofread documents prior to meetings and gave my informed opinion when sought. Handled any and all daily clerical tasks and any additional work as needed. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2010 – May 2014
    Manhattan College, New York Bachelor of Communications

REFERENCES
  * Michael Monahan from Smart Solutions
    mmonahan@smarts.com
    212-763-3374
  * Geneveive Lennox from Precision Inc. 
    glennox@precision.com
    212-888-5443
  * Olga Spiess from Precision Inc. 
    ospiess@precision.com
    212-888-2426

