Rami Shoula
Career Change


Self-motivated and enthusiastic worker with vast experience in many different fields. Bringing forth a proven track record of achievement and a reputation for positive collaboration. Confident, hard working, and committed to seeing results in whatever position I am in. Reliable and dedicated to finding a place that will benefit from my superior skill set and energetic drive. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★☆☆☆☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Self Starter
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication
  ★★★★★ Work Ethic
  ★★★★★ Organization Skills
  ★★★★★ Presentation Skills
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2012 – June 2019
    Preschool Teacher at Little Seed School, Seattle
      Created developmentally appropriate lesson plans and activities for students ages 2-4. Worked to create and maintain a welcoming and stimulating environment for students. Maintained excellent communication with parents regarding their child's progress.Addressed any concerns from parents in a professional and courteous manner. Actively participated in school events and planned the first Spring Auction for the preschool. Attended workshops to learn about different educational approaches and tools. Recorded observations as written assessments of student performance.

  * July 2009 – July 2012
    HR Receptionist at Maxwell Publishing House, Seattle
      Assisted the head of HR with all clerical and administrative duties. Provided employees with forms and proper insurance applications. Answered calls and recorded messages. Made copies and handled incoming and outgoing mail. Assisted with the purchasing and arranging of supplies. Maintained confidentiality of employee files. Scheduled and confirmed interviews and appointments. 

  * September 2007 – July 2009
    Administrative Assistant at TV Guide, Seattle
      Served as a reliable Administrative Assistant in the Editorial Department. Answered calls and recorded and reported messages. Maintained a neat and organized working environment. Maintained conference room calendars and scheduled meetings. Coordinated travel plans and scheduled appointments. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2005 – May 2009
    University of Washington, Seattle Bachelor of Communications
  * September 2001 – June 2005
    Loyola High School, Stockton High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Nicole Solos from Little Seed School
    nicole@littleseed.com
    829-293-0023
  * Ashley Morrison from Little Seed School
    ashley@littleseed.com
    829-384-9304
  * Ryan Gaines from Maxwell Publishing House
    rygaines@maxwellpub.com
    718-283-2923

