Rami Shoula
Data Analyst


Experienced and dedicated Data Analyst with several years of experience identifying efficiencies and problem areas within data streams, while communicating needs for projects. Adept at receiving and monitoring data from multiple data streams, including Access, SQL, and Excel data sources. Bringing forth the ability to synthesize quantitative information and interact effectively with colleagues and clients. Proven track record of generating summary documents for senior management for monthly and quarterly audit and compliance reporting.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ German

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Detail Oriented
  ★★★★★ Programming
  ★★★★★ Leadership Skills
  ★★★★★ Data Clean-ups
  ★★★★★ Data Authoring

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * October 2013 – August 2019
    Data Analyst at High Stream Inc., New York
      Created data modeling standards and procedures. Presented data models to business teams for review. Performed detailed data validation spanning across several different international projects. Traveled to various countries assisting with training and data management. Coordinated with external company to monitor and support data integration to the company's Online Provider Directory Enterprise System. Worked with complex datasets and trained new hires to work with them as well. 

  * September 2009 – September 2013
    Data Ananlyst at Global Solutions , New York
      Performed in-depth data validation on data from various suppliers across the world. Served as the primary contact for client service teams for several different projects. Researched and resolved data discrepancies with troubleshooting teams.Merged data with existing data sets, careful to keep old data sets and documentation. Provided tutorials on current data management techniques including assisting with analysis and providing technical recommendations on study software. Communicated effectively with project management regarding issues and needs for projects.


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – August 2010
    UCLA, Los Angeles Master of Data Science

    Graduated in the top of my class. 
  * August 2004 – May 2008
    UCLA, Los Angeles Bachelor of Computer Sciences

    Graduated summa cum laude. 

REFERENCES
  * Cole Arrenson from Global Solutions
    carrenson@globals.com
    212-384-9938
  * Joy Grady from Global Solutions
    jgrady@globals.com
    212-384-5896
  * Henry Forrester from High Stream Inc.
    hforrester@highstream.com
    212-364-3945

