Rami Shoula
Loan Processor


Experienced and goal-oriented Loan Processor with over six years of experiencing protecting the credibility of organizations while providing quality assistance to persons seeking loans. Adept in assisting qualified applicants with obtaining loans in a timely manner. Able to successfully analyze and evaluate loan applications and write final contracts. Proven track record of addressing customer needs while presenting and exploring all of their financial options. The ability to cultivate trustworthy relationships, provide assistance, and abide by all regulations and laws. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Customer Service Skills
  ★★★★★ Risk Analysis Skills 
  ★★★★★ Strong Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Banking Computer Software
  ★★★★★ Advanced Mathematical Skills 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2007 – September 2019
    Loan Processor at Wells Fargo, Bellevue
      Developed trustworthy relationships with clients seeking loans. Ran thorough credit reports and advised clients on their financial situations.Helped client to understand the terms of the best loan suited for them and their lifestyle. Worked quickly and efficiently to have loans processed as quickly as possible. Increased the rate of return clients with unparalleled customer service and a commitment to satisfaction. 

  * April 2001 – May 2007
    Loan Processor at ABC Bank, Seattle
      Reviewed loan applications and assist home buyers seeking mortgage loans. Assisted home buyers with gathering the proper documentation for loan approval. Ordered credit and title reports. Ensured the privacy and security of a customer's files every step of the way. Communicated with attorneys, county clerks, and title companies. Made recommendations for alternate actions as needed. Processed hundreds of loan applications in a timely and effective manner. 

  * April 2000 – April 2001
    Executive Assistant to Loan Processor at ABC Bank, Seattle
      Assisted Loan Processor with any clerical and administrative duties necessary. Became very familiar with the loan process and cultivated positive relationships with those involved in the process. Supported managing partners of the company by assisting with duties as needed. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2001 – August 2004
    Ohio State University, Columbus Master of Finance

    Graduated with Distinction.
  * August 1997 – May 2001
    University of Washington, Seattle Bachelor of Economics

REFERENCES
  * Ellen Castaldo from ABC Bank
    ecbanker@abcbank.com
    319-293-2839
  * Henry Williams from Wells Fargo
    hwilliams@wellsfargo.com
    212-982-2367
  * Jonah Keene from Wells Fargo
    jkeene@wellsfargo.com
    212-982-2323

