Rami Shoula
Paralegal


Experienced and dedicated paralegal, skilled in the organization and analysis of legal documentation. Adept in drafting documents, filing motions, interviewing clients, and preparing retainers. Able to effectively assist in preparations for trials, hearings, and closings. Bringing forth a hardworking attitude, eager to provide quality support in the next legal environment I join. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Interpersonal Communication
  ★★★★★ Superior Organizational Skills
  ★★★★★ Advanced Knowledge of Legal Terminology
  ★★★★★ Excellent Work Ethic and Personal Integrity
  ★★★★★ Time Management Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * August 2015 – August 2019
    Paralegal at Gulf Law Practice, Boca Raton
      Reported directly to three attorneys with large scale duties that encompassed complex preparations. Prepared content specific files for pending cases in a timely manner. Maintained ongoing communication with attorneys and clients, resulting in smooth business transactions and experiences. Conserved utmost discretion when dealing with sensitive case topics. 

  * September 2013 – August 2015
    Paralegal at Mason, Kohlnick, and Jans, Miami
      Delivered exceptional administrative support to two attorneys on a daily basis. Maintained calendars and confidential information. Researched and analyzed law matters for specific cases to appear in court.Provided accurate and punctual processing of all work requests while maintaining a professional and pleasant demeanor. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2009 – May 2013
    Rutgers University, New Brunswick Bachelor of Communications

    Vice President of the Debate Team. Head writer and Reporter at The Owl. 
  * September 2005 – May 2009
    Millbrook High School, Millbrook High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Brian Orzo from Mason, Kohlnick, and Jans
    borzo@mkj.org
    543-987-6565
  * Ellen Spacey from Gulf Law Practice
    espacey@glaw.com
    523-967-6588
  * Richard Deer from Rutgers University
    rdeer@rutgers.org
    329-989-5286

