Rami Shoula
Administrative Assistant


Proficient Administrative Assistant with over 7 years of office experience, specializing in administrative work, problem solving, planning, and optimal assistance. Known for increasing productivity and relieving workload of managerial staff. Proven efficiency with an ability to quickly learn and navigate any computer software program, or office filing system. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Administrative Support Skills
  ★★★★☆ Inventory Control Skills
  ★★★★☆ Scheduling Skills
  ★★★★★ Event Planning
  ★★★★★ Dictation Skills
  ★★★★★ Editing and Proofreading Skills

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * 2010 – Present
    Administrative Support Assistant at Space Corporation, Dallas
      Served as a direct assistant to Production Supervisor, supporting all aspects of production and office management. Trusted to analyze and interpret data, and handle all shipments, deliveries, and material orders.Known as the “go-to person” for all departments including Quality Control, Accounting, and Management.Worked to alleviate executive overload by handling all customer interactions for company including walk-ins, email, phone, and fax interactions. Coordinated and scheduled all company meetings, appointments, interviews, and inspections.Problem solved for each department to maintain timely completion of parts and meet strict deadlines.Worked to ensure quality service and addressed and resolved all customer issues.

  * 2007 – 2010
    Administrative Assistant  at A&C Machine, Austin
      Reported to Operations Manager and assisted shop and office personnel.Performed a range of administrative duties from maintaining production schedules to purchasing supplies and hiring vendors.  Implemented problem solving skills to work through employee, customer, and managerial staff issues and challenges.Directed workflow, acting as intermediary between all departments by arranging conference calls, scheduling meetings, composing correspondence, and managing calendars.Supported an efficient production system in a fast paced environment by accurately processing all new orders, and delegating tasks as each order required.

  * 2005 – 2007
    Office Assistant at Gary Manufacturing, Austin
      Served as an assistant to all administrative personnel and acted as a first point of contact for visitors and customers. Managed telephone and email communication systems and maintained office supplies ordering office supplies with accuracy. Decreased supply costs by properly managing inventory, obtaining quotes, and purchasing appropriately priced products.Recognized for assisting customer inquiries immediately. 


EDUCATION
  * 2008 – 2010
    Acton School of Business, Austin Associate of Business Administration
  * September 2004 – May 2008
    Edward Johnson High School, Austin High School Diploma

REFERENCES
  * Anthony Luminari from Space Corporation
    aluminari@spacecorp.org
    469-394-3392
  * Kate Higgins from A&C Machine
    khiggins!acmachine.com
    512-764-4950
  * Gary Dubri from Gary Manufacturing
    dubri@garymanu.org
    512-576-8843

