Rami Shoula
Project Manager


Dynamic project manager with an enviable track record spanning nine years in the retail sector. Proficient in stakeholder management, risk assessment and strategy formulation. Flexible approach to project methodology means that team performance and cohesiveness is optimised, while ensuring all goals are met within scope and budget.

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Dutch

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Strategic Project Planning
  Team Recruitement and Development
  ★★★★★ Resource Planning, Accounting and Budgeting
  ★★★★★ Relationship Management 
  ★★★★★ Innovative Problem-Solver 
  ★★★★★ Project Evaluation

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * September 2012 – Present
    Project Manager, Macy's, Inc.  at , Los Angeles
      
  Developkey project goals and worked collaboratively with cross-functional teams to achieve them in a timely and effective manner.
  Apply rigorous time management and task tracking methods to successfully oversee and manage all project stages from conception to completion.
  Oversee visual display plans and managed teams creating those plans.
  Ensure project strategies are consistent with the company’s overall mission and seek  to effectively convey and promote the Macy's brand.
  Cooperate in developing the creative budget and monitor project expenditures accordingly.


  * September 2008 – August 2012
    Associate Project Manager, Sam Edelman at , San Francisco 
      Worked in collaboration with the senior project manager to define project goals and establish a timeline and plan to achieve them. Collaborated with other team members to create fresh brand ideas and project initiatives. Managed marketing agendas and suggested ways to improve audience saturation. Handled overall management of workflow in the marketing department. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2008 – May 2010
    Pomona College, Claremont M.B.A
  * August 2004 – May 2008
    UNC Chapel Hill, Chapel Hill Bachelor of Business Administration

REFERENCES
  * Elliot Fisher from Sam Edelman
    efisher@sedelman.org
    415-623-3340
  * Karen Looty from Macy's, Inc. 
    karen@macysmanage.org
    315-554-3328
  * Justine Waltzman from Macy's, Inc. 
    jwaltzman@macysmanage.org
    315-554-7211

