Rami Shoula
Information technology


IT Specialist adept in leading large scale technology projects from conception to completion. Experienced in installing, maintaining, and providing support for computer systems and networks. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★★ Dutch; Flemish
  ★★★★★ English

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ IT Service Management
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of the ITIL
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Digital Performance Metrics
  ★★★★★ Complex Problem Solving
  ★★★★★ SLI and SLO Monitoring 
  ★★★★★ Resource Planning

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * June 2016 – July 2021
    IT Security Specialist at Rago International, Palm Beach
      
  Designed and implemented advanced security processes and procedures. 
  Worked to safeguard the integrity of enterprise systems, files and data.
  Provided direct support for systems security related issues.
  Prepared status reports on security matters to develop security risk analysis. 
  Interacted with staff and management in the coordination and implementation of results from security audits.
  Worked to improve tools and processes for systems under management.
  Educated others on information security through training and reports. 


  * April 2012 – April 2016
    IT Director  at Complex Solutions, Miami
      
  Oversaw day to day management of IT operations and IT engineering practices. 
  Communicated with business stakeholders and management on strategic goals and objectives. 
  Developed and managed a strategic IT plan that outlined IT initiatives and system updates. 
  Continually promoted the improvement of IT operations through measurement of performance against established goals and metrics, 



EDUCATION
  * September 2010 – May 2012
    Florida International University, Miami Master of Science in Information Systems
  * September 2006 – May 2010
    Barry University, Miami Bachelor of Science in Computer Science

INTERNSHIPS
  * October 2011 – March 2012
    IT Internship at Yoke and Decker, Miami

