Rami Shoula
Legal Assistant


Highly effective and experienced Legal assistant with extensive knowledge of the general office procedures and support required to effectively assist in a legal environment. Bringing forth knowledge and experience of court procedures, government regulations, drafting research documents, and handling legal correspondence. Adept in creating and revising legal documents, including dispositions and court filings. Experienced in maintaining office and client records by applying excellent organizational and office management skills on a daily basis. A strong team player that effectively maintains working relationships with co-workers, supervisors, and clients. 

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

LANGUAGES
  ★★★★☆ Spanish

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Excellent Communication Skills
  ★★★★★ Project Management Skills
  ★★★★★ Knowledge of Legal Terminology 
  ★★★★★ Strong Attention to Detail 
  ★★★★★ Law Office Technology 

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * January 2016 – Present
    Legal Assistant at Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office, Los Angeles
      Acted as liaison with Assistant District Attorney's Office to determine charges and submitted orders of protection. Coordinated immigrant detainee correspondence and other legal materials. Answered email and phone inquiries about issues of immigration law. Performed research for relevant cases presented to the District Attorney's Office. Continually served as a helpful and enthusiastic assistant with a proven track record of doing work in a timely and professional manner. 

  * August 2013 – May 2015
    Philosophy Department Teaching Assistant at University of California Los Angeles, Los Angeles
      Assisted professors with lessons planning and in-class teaching. Explained challenging philosophical concepts to students at an intermediate level. Evaluated and corrected homework and tests. Conducted office hours to ensure students understood course concepts.Provided one on one assistance to students seeking further help. 


EDUCATION
  * August 2013 – May 2015
    UCLA, Los Angeles Master of Philosophy
  * August 2010 – May 2013
    UCLA, Los Angeles Bachelor of English

INTERNSHIPS
  * 2015
    Legislative Intern  at Office of U.S. Senator Connie M. Leyva, Los Angeles

    Researched rights and regulations regarding Immigration. Researched environmental justice initiatives for future proposals. 

REFERENCES
  * Joan Maher from Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office
    maher@lacountyda.org
    315-292-0383
  * Renee Azo from University of California Los Angeles
    razo@ucla.edu
    347-293-2111
  * Harris Gaines from University of California Los Angeles
    hgaines@ucla.edu
    347-293-4471

