Rami Shoula
Food And Beverage Director


Experienced Food and Beverage Director with a proven track record of helping large scale dining facilities to find success. Adept in all aspects of managing food and beverage service to maximize profit and minimize costs. Experienced in creating winning menus, working with vendors, maintaining inventories, coordinating staff, and meeting and exceeding industry standards. Bringing forth with a beneficial skill-set, conducive to achieving food and beverage goals.   

PERSONAL INFORMATION
  Address: , , 
  Nationality: 
  Driving License: 
  Hobbies: 

SKILLS
  ★★★★★ Food Safety and Sanitation
  ★★★★★ Facility Management
  ★★★★★ Organizational Techniques
  ★★★★★ Inventory Control
  ★★★★★ Advanced Communication

WORK EXPERIENCE
  * July 2005 – March 2019
    Food And Beverage Director at Caremount Medical Facility, Mount Kisco
      
  Managed and operated a high traffic Hospital Dining Facility.
  Effectively coordinated daily operations, directed staff, and oversaw finances and inventories.
  Created staff schedules and encouraged high levels of performance.
  Worked with chefs to design menus that were both cost-effective and pleasing to customers.
  Interviewed, hired, and trained dining staff.
  Worked with other management professionals to achieve success.  
 



EDUCATION
  * September 2001 – May 2005
    Iona College, New Rochelle Associate of Communications
  * September 1997 – May 2001
    Loyola High School, New York High School Diploma

INTERNSHIPS
  * January 2002 – August 2002
    Food Services Intern at International Culinary Center, New York

    
  Served as a dedicated Intern working closely with the General Manager and Culinary Experts.


REFERENCES
  * Ellen Maher from International Culinary Center
    maher.ellen@iccnyc.org
    212-334-8663
  * Frank Gigglio from Caremount Medical Facility
    fgigglio@caremountfood.com
    914-218-1196
  * Rajiv Joshi from Westchester Food Council
    joshi.rajiv@wfoodcouncil.com
    914-655-2121

